>#SCOTUS holds 5-4 that police need a warrant to get location information from cellphone tower sites

https://twitter.com/SCOTUSblog/status/1010165036025810944
[Here’s information about Carpenter vs United States.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carpenter_v._United_States)

>Carpenter v. United States is a pending case before the United States Supreme Court and raises the question of whether the government violates the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution by accessing an individual's historical cellphone locations records without a warrant. 

[Here’s information about Janus vs AFSCME.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janus_v._AFSCME)

>Janus v. American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, Council 31, _ US _ (2018) is a US labor law case, concerning the right of labor unions to collect fees from non-union members for the service of collective bargaining. Under the Taft-Hartley Act of 1947, union security agreements can be allowed by state law. Janus v. AFSCME is a current case that challenges their legality.
Can't say whether I'm surprised  or not surprised to see Carpenter win with how the Court is set up now. Looks as though it was a 5-4 decision with a Roberts majority. I am surprised to see most of originalist ("conservative") Justices dissent; however, I am not surprised to see that Roberts was the decider. He wrote *Riley*, the previous big time cell phone search case that held police need a warrant to generally search through your cell phone (unless you consent).

For those unfamiliar with the issue: Whether a warrantless search and seizure of cell phone records, which include the location and movements of cell phone users, violates the Fourth Amendment? 

Court thinks yes, yes it does. I tend to agree. I'm a big Fourth Amendment believer. It's a part of the bedrock of any civil and free society. 

**4 dissenting opinions** (that's not normal; this means the dissenters, mainly all the "conservative" Justices, are NOT happy each have their own individual reasons) and **over a hundred pages of opinions total.** That all right there goes to show you how important this decision was. 

Now the great irony about this is that, yes Carpenter won, police need a warrant. Yay! Well, presuming that there actually is probably cause to get phone data (in any case), getting that warrant to search and seize the data is not very hard. At all. Getting a warrant today can happen in less than 30 minutes. What this generally is good for, though, is that the police cannot search whoever's data they want willy nilly, kind of NSA style if you will. So for that it is good. For criminals though, you guys are will get caught one way or another.
The Fourth Amendment lives on!
Holy shit the Supreme Court didn't sell us out for once
Today in the news: Government needs warrants to search things that are just higher-tech versions of things they already needed warrants to search.

We're seriously bad at this "laws keeping up with the technology" thing.
Here's an interesting bit: In his dissent, Gorsuch is actually implies that he would be willing to consider cell phone data as protected "papers and effects", but that that argument wasn't given in this case. So, it looks like he's an additional potential swing vote for 4th amendment cases going forward.
I think the cell phone case is very promising. You can see where the court really wants to hold on to the idea that sharing of info with third party = no expectation of privacy, but just can't square it with today's digital age.  I think they should come up with a new framework based on hardware/software parties providing services where you do keep an expectation of privacy, despite sharing. This would have to be an exception to the 3rd party rule. Many of today's uses of technology are really not optional in any sense if you want to engage in normal life. Records your ISP has of your browsing, or even Google of search history, etc all should be protected.

They kept this very narrow, but there is daylight for a new understanding of governmental surveillance. A subpoena shouldn't be enough to hoover up all your digital footprints in this day and age, probable cause and a warrant should be required.
So the Texas racial gerrymandering case is going to be on Monday? From what I'm seeing on twitter it's not looking good, Alito is writing the decision.
I'm still surprised by Gorsuch's dissent on Carpenter. It's practically a concurrence! His gripe is that they didn't argue for cellphone data bring personal property, and since they never brought it up he couldn't use it. If they did, this would have been a 6-3 ruling. 

Like seriously look at some parts of his dissent:

"What’s  left  of  the  Fourth  Amendment?  Today we use the Internet to do most everything.  Smartphones make it easy  to  keep  a  calendar,  correspond  with  friends,  make  calls, conduct banking, and even watch the game.  Count-less  Internet  companies maintain  records  about  us  and, increasingly, for us.   Even  our  most  private  documents— those that, in other eras, we would have locked safely in a desk  drawer  or  destroyed—now  reside  on  third  party  servers. Smith and Miller teach that the police can review all  of  this  material,  on the  theory  that  no  one  reasonably expects any of it will be kept private.  But no one believes that, if they ever did."

"Suppose I entrust a friend with a letter and he  promises  to  keep  it  secret  until  he  delivers  it  to  an  intended  recipient.    In  what  sense  have  I  agreed  to  bear the  risk  that  he  will  turn  around,  break  his  promise,  and  spill  its  contents  to  someone  else?    More  confusing  still, what  have  I  done  to  “manifest  my  willingness  to  accept”  the  risk  that  the  government will  pry  the  document  from  my friend and read it without his consent?"

"Consenting  to  give  a third party access to private papers that remain my property  is  not  the  same  thing  as consenting  to  a  search  of  those papers by the government."

"Just  because  you  entrust  your  data—in  some  cases,  your  modern-day  papers  and  effects—to  a  third  party  may  not  mean  you  lose  any  Fourth  Amendment  interest  in  its  contents.    Whatever  may  be  left  of  Smith and Miller, few doubt that e-mail should be treated much like the traditional mail it has largely supplanted—as a bailment in which the owner retains a vital and protected  legal  interest."

"just because you have to entrust a third party with your data doesn’t necessarily mean  you  should  lose  all  Fourth  Amendment  protections  in it.  Not infrequently one person comes into possession of someone   else’s   property   without  the   owner’s   consent.   Think  of  the  finder  of  lost  goods  or  the  policeman  who  impounds  a  car.    The  law recognizes  that  the  goods  and the  car  still  belong  to  their  true  owners,  for  “where  a  person  comes  into  lawful  possession  of  the  personal  property of another, even though there is no formal agreement between  the  property’s owner  and  its  possessor,  the  possessor  will  become  a  constructive  bailee  when  justice  so  requires. Christensen v. Hoover, 643 P. 2d 525, 529 (Colo. 1982)  (en  banc);  Laidlaw,  Principles  of  Bailment,  16  Cornell  L.  Q.  286  (1931)” 

If he got his way, this would have been a massive 4th amendment ruling.

Edited for one more quote because it's actually funny:

"As a  result,  Katz has  yielded  an  often  unpredictable—and sometimes  unbelievable—jurisprudence. Smith and Miller are  only  two  examples; there  are  many  others. Take Florida v. Riley,  488  U.  S.  445  (1989),  which  says that a police helicopter hovering 400 feet above a person’s property  invades  no  reasonable  expectation  of  privacy. Try  that  one  out  on  your  neighbors. Or  California v. Greenwood, 486 U. S. 35 (1988), which holds that a person has no reasonable expectation of privacy in the garbage he puts  out  for  collection. In  that  case, the  Court  said  that  the  homeowners  forfeited  their privacy  interests  because  “[i]t is common knowledge that plastic garbage bags left on or  at  the  side  of  a  public  street are  readily  accessible  to animals, children, scavengers, snoops, and other members of  the  public.” Id.,  at  40 (footnotes  omitted). But  the  habits of raccoons don’t prove much about the habits of the country.  I doubt, too, that most people spotting a neighbor rummaging through their   garbage   would   think   they   lacked  reasonable  grounds  to  confront  the  rummager."
Important to note on the cell phone decision. Mueller was anticipating this ruling. Even though it wasn't required last year, Mueller's team obtained Warrants for Paul Manafort's cell phones so that evidence would not be struck down by he courts. Little more details in this thread: https://twitter.com/renato_mariotti/status/982072449058484225
Court holds that the government's acquisition of Carpenter's cellphone records was a Fourth Amendment search.

John Roberts joins Kagan, Breyer, Sotomayor, and Ginsburg, 5-4
Janus is really going to screw over unions. Why don't you just make them illegal completely? Property owners can get together and split ownership, profits, and liabilities, but workers have no right to negotiate a contract together. Or, they can negotiate, but other people are entitled to get the benefits of the contract, and have even no obligation to contribute dues if they decide to take a union negotiated job.  Crazy unfair.

Note, no official word on Janus yet.
The big ones that are left are Carpenter, Janus, racial gerrymandering, and travel ban as far as I know.
this is gonna be bad
Too bad McConnell was able to steal a supreme court seat
[The patent damages case is interesting.](https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/17pdf/16-1011_6j37.pdf)  I'm surprised to see a 7-2 vote like that on a somewhat non-standard application of extraterritoriality presumption.  Say what you will about the (wildly wrong) method in which Gorsuch got his seat on the Court; I enjoy his writing style a lot.  His dissent is worth a read.
When I say 4th you say amendment! 4th!
What cases are left to be decided?
Man. I've got a bad feeling about this. 

Supreme thief Gorsuch gonna fuck unions for America.
If you're waiting for the supreme court to deliver you from Trump, you're not paying attention
>Accordingly, when the Government tracks the location of a cell phone it achieves near perfect surveillance, as if it had attached an ankle monitor to the phone's user.

WTF? Citation needed jurist!
I'll donate the max to a Democrat that runs in 2020 on impeachment of Gorsuch and Thomas or stacking the bench.
Hold onto your butts
Carpenter v. U.S. decision: https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/17pdf/16-402_h315.pdf

I'm a big civil liberties advocate, but I think they're pushing the 4th Amendment too far here. It's 2018, a reasonable person knows that if they keep their phone on them that it will loosely track their location. This is freely shared information, if you wanted to not share it you could not take your phone with you somewhere or keep it off while traveling. Can this information be abused? Of course, as can a lot of data police can access without a warrant. However, getting this information already required a court order under a standard, admittedly, lower than probable cause, and is a great tool for catching bad guys. I think the current "reasonable grounds" hurdle was enough for information like this.

Edit: Not getting the downvotes, this was a 5-4 decision so 4 of the top lawyers in the land agree with me. This is something where reasonable minds can differ, guys.
I can't wait. The supreme Court has been making some good rulings lately. I bet they will make some good ones today.
oh my god they actually did something good for once
That is *realllly* concerning that had 1 justice voted the other way, they would hold that police don't need the warrant for cell towers.

Don't get me wrong, I'm thrilled this went the way it did, but we need a blue wave (fingers crossed) and some real changes here.
Is this strictly limited to cellular telecommunications or can this have a broader impact on the Internet? 

All modern cellular is nothing more than VOIP once you get past the aerial radio spectrum part of the communications.
Thank fucking God.
>Some consider Carpenter to be the most important Fourth Amendment case that the Supreme Court has heard in a generation.[3][4]

No big deal guys (sweats nervously)
Holy shit 5-4 with 4 dissenting opinions.  They are not only not happy, but they can’t agree with each other why they are unhappy.
The conservatives were so butthurt that they had to file 4 different dissents with 119 pages total lol
> Holy shit the Supreme Court didn't sell us out for once

they sold us out yesterday on the wayfair decision.
It’s on purpose. Don’t need a warrant to search someone’s mail if all correspondence is through email these days, unprotected.
That's because people seem to enjoy electing politicians who are over 60 and still use the term "flip phone".
This isn't a good summary. What's the lower-tech version of CSLI data that you're thinking of?

If it's covertly following you as you go about your day, the police don't need a warrant for that.

If it's getting the information from your diary, say, then whether they need a warrant depends on where you keep said diary. If its in your house they need a warrant. But if you carry it on your person, they get to search it incident to arrest (although the extent of that search is maybe disputed).
You forget that in order to be a judge at a federal level chances are you are over 60 as is, with a life devoted to the law.  Our tech is complicated and quickly evolving, so the justices are not able to really understand.
I don’t understand that, so the Supreme Court only considers cases on merits of the specific arguments, because gorsuch is essentially saying there is a strong possibility possibility it’s unconstitutional but I’m not going to consider that because they didn’t argue it properly so  I’m going to rule against?
He subscribes to Scalia’s originalist interpretation of the property theory of the 4th amendment which gives strong deference to protections as they pertain to property but is much weaker when it comes to modern internet usage and the like.
Gorsuch's dissent in that case is also really promising.  He advocates for a return to original Fourth Amendment principles - it shouldn't matter whether you have a reasonable expectation of privacy in data you hand to a third party.  The fact that it's *your data* means it's protected by the Fourth Amendment.

As I stated in a different comment here - the way Gorsuch got his seat on the Court rightly deserves our outrage.  But his writing and his reasoning, even where flawed, are fascinating to read.
This exactly. And even then the Court said in *Riley* that the because the Third Party Doctrine is inextricably linked to a reduced expectation of privacy, the “diminished privacy interests does not mean that the Fourth Amendment falls out of the picture entirely."
Probably, but they also didn't say Monday is the last day of the term.

And Alito is most likely writing Janus too.
Oh goddammit.
So we agree with Gorsuch on this?

What he said makes sense. When i entrust data to a company i expect them to keep certain things private. Things i would keep private myself. Companies shouldnt have free reign to collect and sell ALL data they gather from an individual unless ot is randomized and anonymous. 

If im buying preperation h online from amazon, i dont really want them selling that data to facebook so i see ads for more of it. Know what i mean?
It's essentially a concurrence in the result only but not in the rationale and the new "test" put forth by the majority.  He would want a more expansive 4th amendment view with the complete elimination of the 3rd party doctrine.  I would love that and I think he is spot on here.
Roberts is going to be the swing vote within the next 5 years.
Party of small government advocating for the surveillance state
But again, when we're all millionaires, we're going to appreciate having workers that will accept no rights and minimal to no pay so it's all worth it in the long run /s
>Why don't you just make them illegal completely?

Because they still need police unions. Otherwise cops might think twice before murdering unarmed black children.
Alito will most likely have the opinion of the court, so we can probably infer the outcome.
Why should non-union members have to pay union dues?
Wasn't the gerrymandering case sent back down?
I'd say NIFLA (free speech case) is fairly important.
Yeah. Not expecting to feel good today.
Seriously.  Today we're going to get a literalist interpretation of "secure in their **papers**" to allow warrentless phone searches and we're going to see the final death-blow to unions.  I'm guessing a 5/4 vote split on both.
Don't scare me like that
too bad that third party people and stay-at-homers didn't care about losing a SCOTUS seat in 2016
Sometimes things are taken when no one sees it fit to fight for it.
Dems if they get the presidency and a healthy majority in the near future should flood the court to 13 or even 15 justices.
Too bad redditors/Bernie-or-busters got so caught up in sticking it to Debbie Wasserman Schultz they let McConnell steal a supreme court seat
My sentiments exactly. His dissent in Carpenter is also worth reading. It's a dissent, but not because he's weak on 4A, just the opposite.
He's smart as a whip
Not sure it is worth having him on the court by the way he was appointed, and although I usually disagree with them, I also enjoy reading his opinions.
Amendment!
Travel ban and forcing union dues. And racial gerrymandering.
You can’t really blame one person when there are multiple justices.
Honest question without a clearly formed opinion on the outcome either way: Why should someone that doesn't want to belong to the union and doesn't have a voice/vote within the union, have money taken out of their paychecks to fund the union? Sure they could benefit indirectly from union actions, but they also could disagree with union actions and end up bound by them anyway.
Weren't they already fucked?

Trends show they're on the decline regardless.
You are right. He will go to jail soon hopefully.
I mean it's just logic. If you can track a phone's location in real-time, you can basically track anyone as if they were wearing an ankle monitor. How is that inaccurate?
[Easy ability to get real time mobile location data](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/05/senator-furious-at-polices-easy-ability-to-get-real-time-mobile-location-data/)

>To access this private data, correctional officers simply visit Securus’ Web portal, enter any US wireless phone number, and then upload a document purporting to be an official document giving permission to obtain real-time location data.

[Hackers eavesdropped on a U.S. Congressman](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2016/04/how-hackers-eavesdropped-on-a-us-congressman-using-only-his-phone-number/)

> ...able to record any call made to or from the phone and to track its precise location in real-time as the California congressman traveled to various points in the southern part of the state.
My running watch is super accurate.  I'm guessing a phone with GPS turned on would be just as accurate.
Google knows where you are just by triangulating available WiFi signals.  I mean, that is one way they are able to find you.
It wouldn't surprise me. Phones can now get position from triangulating GPS, cell tower, AND Wi-Fi and bluetooth.
It depends on how the government is tracking you. If you have an app that uses GPS data then yes, it would be akin to an ankle monitor. But if they're only using tower pings it's pretty fucky. There are a whole lot of factors that go into tower pings. It boils down to tower pings pretty much tell the gov whether the locations they think or you tell them you were at were accurate or not.
Did you read the decision? This is from Pp 15-16.

>" ... the legal question nonetheless turns on a garden-variety request for information from a third-party witness. Brief for United States 32–34; post, at 12–14. The Government’s position fails to contend with the seismic shifts in digital technology that made possible the tracking of not only Carpenter’s location but also everyone else’s, not for a short period but for years and years. Sprint Corporation and its competitors are not your typical witnesses. Unlike the nosy neighbor who keeps an eye on comings and goings, they are ever alert, and their memory is nearly infallible. There is a world of difference between the limited types of personal information addressed in *Smith* and *Miller* and the exhaustive chronicle of location information casually collected by wireless carriers today. The Government thus is not asking for a straightforward application of the third-party doctrine, but instead a significant extension of it to a distinct category of information."

The Chief Justice continues to write that:

>"The third-party doctrine partly stems from the notion that an individual has a reduced expectation of privacy in information knowingly shared with another. But the fact of “diminished privacy interests does not mean that the Fourth Amendment falls out of the picture entirely.” *Riley*, 573 U. S., at \_\_\_ (slip op., at 16). *Smith* a*nd Mil*ler, after all, did not rely solely on the act of sharing. Instead, they considered “the nature of the particular documents sought” to determine whether “there is a legitimate ‘expectation of privacy’ concerning their contents*.” Mil*ler, 425 U. S., at 44*2. Sm*ith pointed out the limited capabilities of a pen register; as explained *in Ri*ley, telephone call logs reveal little in the way of “identifying information*.” Sm*ith, 442 U. S., at 74*2; Ri*ley, 573 U. S., at \_\_\_ (slip op., at 24*). Mil*ler likewise noted that checks were “not confidential communications but negotiable instruments to be used in commercial transactions.” 425 U. S., at 442. In mechanically applying the third-party doctrine to this case, the Government fails to appreciate that there are no comparable limitations on the revealing nature of CSLI. "

And in particular notes that:

>"In *Knotts*, the Court relied on *Smith* to hold that an individual has no reasonable expectation of privacy in public movements that he “voluntarily conveyed to anyone who wanted to look.” *Knotts*, 460 U. S., at 281; see id., at 283 (discussing *Smith*). But when confronted with more pervasive tracking, five Justices agreed that longer term GPS monitoring of even a vehicle traveling on public streets constitutes a search. *Jones*, 565 U. S., at 430 (ALITO, J., concurring in judgment); id., at 415 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring). "

The decision is also narrow:

>"We do not express a view on matters not before us: real-time CSLI or “tower dumps” (a download of information on all the devices that connected to a particular cell site during a particular interval)."
Gorsuch argued for broader 4th amendment protections than the majority here and for the complete elimination of the 3rd party doctrine.  You can hate Gorsuch and how he got his seat but his dissent here is the most powerful support for personal protections under the 4th amendment.  Much moreso than the majority.
Just remember that any political tool democrats use for the right reason is a tool Republicans will use for the wrong reasons.  Democrats should work to change the law to prevent another Gorsuch issue from occurring.
Read the opinions, Gorsuch’s was much more complicated than you think.
What would you impeach them for? Gorsuch has turned out to not be a Republican shill or right wing hardliner, BTW. He's closer to Roberts or Kennedy.
It is entirely impractical to assume that people can just walk away from their cell phones in this day and age. The authorities have plenty of tools available to them and the Court emphasized that the decision does not reach genuine exigencies like terrorism or real time collection of cell usage. It just means that there is a requirement for a warrant to obtain information like this in the course of an investigation.
Police can still get it. They just have to get off their lazy asses and get a warrant.
A reasonable person KNOWS they're being unnecessarily tracked all the time. They just don't like it. Neither does the US Constitution. The correct decision was made.

Cops have proven to us all that they cannot be trusted with "reasonable" grounds or "probable cause" anything like that when it comes to respecting the rights of average citizens. Too many rules are bent when cops are given too much decision-making power. No reasonable person has any right to expect their privacy will be protected by well-thinking police after they've already flippantly accessed it for subjective "probable cause" reasoning, a justification which has been used to infringe the rights of countless Americans for years.

Also, welcome to your first day reddit--Complaining about getting downvoted for controversial opinions is not a good look.
In the age of services I think its unreasonable to say anytime you interact with an outside entity you waive your right to privacy. Especially when some features of the services happen automatically. The alternative is to suggest that an individual completely give up modern technology and modern life.
I love this decision. It is forward thinking. At the moment the devices used may not be overly specific and narrow in there locating capabilities,  it it is beyond reasonable to forsee that such towers will become increasingly localized, to the point such info will clearly violate expectations of privacy.
Actually, Gorsuch says there should be MORE protections, so he's not with you.
See but that's an out of touch answer. Nobody in the modern working world can just shut their phone off while travelling or leave it home.

This isn't France, where we can't be fired for ignoring work related communications outside of work.

If you ignore work calls because your phone is off and you "want to protect your privacy by keeping it off while travelling" your boss is going to start looking for a new person for your position.
/sarcasm? The punting of gerrymandering was disappointing to me :(
Today on Desperate House Votes of the Supreme Court, will Gorsuch finally vote for Joey as Stud of the Month or will he belly flop like the rest? Stay tuned to watch how democracy turns into a fucking joke!
Nice negative karma. Enjoy wasting your one and only life
Rich criminals use cellphones, too.
It's important with close votes like this to read the dissents - they might have voted the way they did because of technicalities in the case, or a desire to not rule until some lower Court dispute is resolved. I am hopeful that that is the case, but I haven't looked because I only just woke up.
Look at Gorsuch's dissent though. 

He disagreed with the majority because he wanted an even stronger 4th amendment ruling. He wants to do away with the 3rd party doctrine entirely.
Actually read the dissent and while I agree with the majority ruling, the dissenting opinion made a lot of sense
They actually release a number of these 4th amendment cases every term. For instance, a few years back they held that a blood test for DUI required at least a warrant (the government was arguing that it was OK to forcibly and warrantlessly draw blood from someone).
I think we need to fine tune our system when both of the realistic options for representation sit idly by while our freedoms are stripped one by one.
Gorsuch's dissent is that he thinks the majority opinion isn't *going far enough* to protect our privacy. Pleasantly surprising.
Exactly! Pretty wild.
Actually go read some of them. Gorsuch's dissent isn't really a dissent. He wanted them to argue from the basis of property rights and how the 4th amendment still applies to property not in your possession. 

If they argued it in the manner he wanted we would have gotten an incredibly strong 4th amendment ruling.
Some of the dissents were barely dissents, it was more about whether they warrant needed to be filed against the individual or the company that owned the cell towers.
yeah, I'm sure it was all butthurt, and there's no way that those 119 pages could contain actual legal analysis
The last time I recall something like that happening was *Windsor*.
Dayum...
Why? You were required to pay those taxes already, it's just that you (and I and everyone else) ignored the IRS guidance and didn't pay. 

Do you think that goods sold online shouldn't be taxed? Just trying to understand your opinion.
Huh? States have lost billions upon billions of dollars in tax revenue because online sales got special treatment. Now they're getting less special treatment (but still special treatment!)

*Wayfair* just cleared the way for states to collect sales taxes on online sales. It doesn't require them to. If it's important to you that online sales be tax-free, call your state legislators and urge them to write an exemption into state law.
And it's about time SCOTUS is finally catching on.
It's a problem that starts in the legislative branch, though. Which is why we seriously need term limits.
Yeah, the idea is based around making sure that the issue is fully argued before the Justices. Essentially, we only want the aggrieved parties to make the argument because they have the strongest incentive to fully flesh it out. Under our constitutional system requiring standing, judges are not supposed to raise their own decisions. I haven't read the decision yet, but it does seem surprising that he wrote a dissent instead of a concurrence if that's how he feels.
As arcane as it sounds, Gorsuch is probably right – the parties did not really brief on the property-based argument.  It did merit a small section in petitioner's brief, but it by all means was not the focus of the litigation.  In my view, the Fourth Circuit incorrectly dispensed with that argument in their opinion.  I am glad that Gorsuch took the time out to flesh it out.
> I don’t understand that, so the Supreme Court only considers cases on merits of the specific arguments, because gorsuch is essentially saying there is a strong possibility possibility it’s unconstitutional but I’m not going to consider that because they didn’t argue it properly so I’m going to rule against?

have you ever been on a jury where the judge tells you "you are only supposed to consider the evidence presented, and not any outside information or knowledge"? same thing holds true.
They can only work with what's put to them. If you say, "This is wrong because x," and don't mention y, they can't rule in favor of you because of y.
Gorsuch seems to be a stickler for exactly what is written. He isn’t liberal, as in leaves wiggle room for interpretation not liberal as in democrat, with how to interpret something. If it isn’t written down as a law or part of the case he won’t take it into account.
That isn't actually true. He explicitly argued for much greater 4th Amendment protections and dissented because he felt the majority was wrong in not tossing out Smith and Miller (which allows for warrantless searches of information given to third parties). He stated that in todays age, such a decision renders the 4th Amendment toothless, as practically everything is given to third parties.
I've only read a few of his opinions, but it still felt a little uncharacteristic for his dissent to go the way it did. I wonder if Scalia would have been willing to take the text that far?
This is a gross misstatement of Scalia's view and of Gorsuch's dissent which you clearly did not read when you posted this.  Gorsuch literally argues that everything is online and on 3rd party servers and simply because we have entrusted it with 3rd parties we shouldn't lose 4th amendment protections (e.g. 3rd party doctrine shouldn't exist).  He argues that anything we give to someone as a bailment should be protected under the 4th amendment - specifically including data.
I agree with you. I studied criminal justice in grad and under grad. Including constitutional law at both levels. Gorsuch was said to be a justice who followed what he believed the law said, nothing else, and I see nothing to the contrary. As such he is likely to surprise and piss off a lot of people.   


People often point the case of the truck driver to show he's a monster, but it doesn't. When you are practicing law you have to address the issues of the case. The case was not was it morally right, it was could they legally do it. The answer, sadly, is yes. You can hate that, but the answer is not to blame Gorsuch it is to blame the law and to work to fix that law. He even addressed that directly in his ruling.   


I prefer justices that follow the law even if it means I don't get what I want all the time. Following the law is what they're supposed to do.
Agreed, it seems Gorsuch may have absorbed some of Scalia's writing chops.
>Probably, but they also didn't say Monday is the last day of the term.

Do they have a limit in how many decision they can give each day? {serious question}
Yes, because he is actually a small government conservative. Not a party hack like Goresuch.
He normally is....
Read the decision before opening your mouth.
I love to see people who obviously don’t read opinions
Bartlet : "It doesn't matter if most voters don't benefit, they all believe that someday they will. That's the problem with the American Dream, it makes everyone concerned for the day they're gonna be rich."

~from The West Wing
Why should non-union members get the benefits unions offer? Why should a union have exclusive rights to a single workplace or "shop"? Why should unions only demand compensation, safety, and standards related contracts and not just demand a seat at the decision making table at the company, too?

The double-edged sword of the Janus case rests in all of these issues. Way back when multiple unions would represent different sets of workers in a shop and would try to out-do each other with more and more radical demands. They only represented contracts with their specific members. Oh, and they demanded and also frequently won the right to have union workers as board directors so the workers had a say in decisions made at the company, too. Unions used to be much more radical, but the uneasy relationship that was worked out has made them complacent in the modern era.

Janus will overturn that. To be clear, as a socialist I'm a little excited to see unions become radical once again. What I'm saying is, be careful what you wish for.
Because they still benefit from the contract that those dues allowed the union to negotiate. 

Edit: not to mention things like union representation during any disciplinary process.
Because they benefit from the union.
Because they still benefit from union lawyers in wage negotiation.  
  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-rider_problem
They get the benefit of the job/wages negotiated by the union. If they don't want the union job, they could choose to find another...the vast majority of jobs in the US are not union jobs.
Partisan gerrymandering was. Racial gerrymandering wasn’t.
>  Today we're going to get a literalist interpretation of "secure in their papers" to allow warrentless phone searches 

I doubt this, some of the conservative justices are pretty aggressive 4th amendment defenders.  Scalia certainly was.
Doubtful given how they ruled in United States v. Jones. They were unanimous in agreeing that planting a tracker on a car requires a warrant.
And wonderfully, you were wrong on phones (Although it was  a 5/4 decision) 

Death blow to unions unfortunately probably still coming though.
>Today we're going to get a literalist interpretation of "secure in their papers" to allow warrentless phone searches

Hindsight is 20/20, but you're dead wrong here. Gorsuch used a "literalist interpretation" in his dissent that argued for an even stronger 4th amendment ruling. He basically wanted to do away with warrantless searches and the third party doctrine all together.
McConnell stole a seat on the Supreme Court precisely so cases like these will decimate the American middle class. 

Bad doesn’t even remotely begin to approach the outer bounds of description of what is happening here.
you know in your heart its true lmao
Too bad we live in a screwed up, first-past-the-pole system that allows only two options to realistically exist, and both options in 2016 were unpalatable to a large swath of the country.
Yeah I voted 3rd party don’t blame us. Blame the no shows
I see, the FDR strategy.
How dare you! Politics is about addressing issues by submitting to conservatives' every demand!
And "both parties are the same"-ers. Don't forget those people.
4th!
And racial gerrymandering in Texas.
Yeah you're probably right.
these decisions are often tipped one way or t'other by just one justice. Gorsuch is the odd man out, installed by a kleptocracy.  all other things being equal, he is definitely responsible.
Because if not too many people will opt for the short term gain of getting the extra money and slowly unions will falter over time.  

Not to sound like a crazy socialist here, but pushing these right to work laws is basically a long term investment for capitalists because ultimately it will weaken unions and depress or even drive down wages over time.
Well, I guess the answer to that is more about systemic causation-- 

If wages and worker protections are expanded across America and across industries it will likely benefit more Americas. That's the way I see it at least. Not to mention, I think Americans should pick jobs that don't go against their beliefs. If you don't like the union job, then don't apply.
Fair share fees go directly toward benefiting them. They cover the costs of the bargaining team, lawyers, etc. They don’t cover Union Actions or political causes (those come from member dues).

The Union is forced by the government to negotiate for every worker even ones that aren’t members. The fair share fee just covers the cost of the union negotiation on their behalf.
It's the least you could do. I'd support a policy where those who don't pay into the union don't get the benefits, how does that sound?
Because Federal Law requires that public sector unions (which the Janus case is related to) cover every employee in a workplace regardless of whether or not they are a "member" of the union. Fair share laws state that since the union is required to negotiate and represent on behalf of all employees, not just members, then all employees should share the cost incurred by the union for that representation (negotiation fees, legal representation for members, etc.). 

Fair share fees cannot be used for political activities, only for costs related to representing members of the union.
Private sector, this will hit public sector unions, which have largely maintained or increased their share of the workforce.
Smaller than historic peaks does not equal fucked
Because an ankle monitor precisely determines whether a person is in a given area, while inferring location from cell tower data is much less reliable and less precise. Some ankle monitors even use GPS, which is even more precise.

I agree with their ruling that obtaining the cell tower data counts as a search, but the specific claim that it achieves "near perfect surveillance" comparable to an ankle monitor is just factually incorrect.
I never thought the cell tower location data actually pulled from GPS data and WIFI to provide a more narrow, more accurate estimated location.  Figured it was some estimated latitude/longitude within a mile.
You can't remove an ankle monitor, you can leave your phone somewhere
This is not the same thing. Their location API presumably relies on much more information than cell towers alone, probably including phones' GPS devices.
I have to look at this data from time to time for my job. A phone can use GPS, GLASNOS, and the cell towers to determine location. If you've never looked at GPS data from a phone you should, it's crazy accurate.
This isn't about grabbing a phone's GPS data. It's about using cell tower connection data to infer general location. The difference in the degree of precision is many orders of magnitude.
This ruling is not about GPS data. It's about cell tower data only.
Again, this case has nothing to do with GPS data. They are only talking about tower connection data.
Sounds like a good motivator to keep the right out of power forever.
Regardless his seat was stolen, he shouldn't be there, he could be the most liberal justice ever and it wouldn't change that fact.
He should not have been seated.
I'll wait for the Janus decision before concluding that.
Did you miss the last episode where he helped allow states to purge undesirables off the voter registration?
You mean wishy washy?
> It is entirely impractical to assume that people can just walk away from their cell phones in this day and age.

Agreed. Our laws need to be updated to catch up with the modern era. We don't ride horse and carriages around, and we don't send telegrams. Laws should reflect modern reality, not 100 - 200 years ago.
I'm not suggesting people ditch phone completely, obviously that is impractical. But let's be real, if you really don't want your location tracked, you can do that. And it's not exact like GPS is. They're gathering data that loosely tracked your position over time, not searching your house or person, or getting your emails or texts. I don't think the level of intrusion is as strong on a person's privacy as other 4th Amendment searches.
What if they don't have probable cause, but they have "reasonable grounds"? These are unfortunately subjective terms, but probable cause is stronger language and sometimes you don't quite have the evidence for it. This isn't the same as putting a GPS tracker on someone without their knowledge, or searching their house or car. It's accessing data they've personally allowed to go out into the world. I don't think something like that is as big an intrusion as a typical 4th amendment search.
Don't really care about it "being a good look", considering how close the decision was I was a little surprised. I've presented my position reasonably.

And I'm not really sure what you're trying to say. Do you think probable cause is too low a standard for warrants?
And I'm not suggesting that either. There are a lot of things that police already have to get a warrant for, like getting your emails, text/phone call history, credit card transactions, etc. However, as this location data is inexact, and something you could easily avoid providing (at least for a time), I think the intrusion in privacy is not as strong as a typical 4th amendment claim
I was thinking if you wanted to hide your location completely for a limited time. A permanent solution would be more impractical
Not to me. Let the Supreme Court stay out of gerrymandering. Historically, the lower courts have struck it down. If the SCOTUS keeps referring the issue to the lower courts, it just puts it back in our hands.
This show has jumped the shark. I suspect it will be cancelled next season.
And also Michael Cohen
Oh, now their ruling makes sense.
Rich or not, the process should be get warrant if there's probable cause, and fuck off otherwise
And that is a good point. I haven't had a chance to do that either, but with such important things, it's always scary to see how easily it could go the other way and we could potentially lose even more privacy rights.
Does he hope if we removed 3rd party that we would need warrants in all cases? I haven't looked at the opinions at all yet.
I have a feeling this is the case for the bulk of supreme court rulings.
The easy runabout around that is to have a judge on-site or on-call that will rubber stamp everything.
And it's actually really well reasoned. Consider me impressed.
I pay those taxes, Amazon even has a page for helping you with it. Was this something I could've just ignored?
I’m still not sure how I feel about term limits. On the one hand it does stop career politicians, but on the other hand it also ensures we have a virtually never ending stream of rookie congressmen. If congressmen don’t have to get re-elected, what’s their incentive to answer to their constituents?
It's also one of the reasons why Kennedy is considered a terrible writer of opinions. He frequently will bring up arguments that weren't discussed at all and use them as the basis for his opinion.
yet again, that clearly has limits because it's so easy to come up with hypotheticals that are beyond absurd.
If that’s the case then If the judges are aware of y, it seems highly negligent of them not ask the parties about it. It also seems easy to take that principle to absurd extremes so there must be a point where they can rule based on their knowledge of y even if the lawyers did not mention y.
Oh no, he's fairly liberal in interpretation... He's an originalist. He's liberal with the "original intent" of the words in a law. 

So you're correct that he focuses on what's written down, but at the same time he's happy to play the role of medium/shaman by picking and choosing which definitions he attributes to each word, or by imagining what the original intent behind a piece of legislation must have been.
Gorsuch is only a stickler for what's written when it suits him.
Nope.  SCOTUS pretty much does what ever the hell it wants, when it wants, how it wants.  As long as it doesn't conflict with the Constitution (and only the Constitution, Congressional laws don't apply), they're free to do what they want.

One of the perks of being the *Supreme* Court.
I don't think there's a limit however SCOTUS has rarely given out more than 5 opinions on one day. 

Additionally the Chief Justice Roberts usually announces the last day of term during the second to last session. He didn't do that today.
Somebody didn't read Gorsuch's dissent. He dissented because he felt that the majority did not go far enough to protect the 4th Amendment because they basically let Smith and Miller (which allow warrantless searches of information given to a third party) remain. Gorsuch said that you should not forfeit your protections just because you gave something to a third party and that the majority simply affirmed those past decisions while tacking on a narrow caveat.
> Why should non-union members get the benefits unions offer?

They shouldn’t.
They shouldn’t.
What the fuck
Yeah, but Scalia had principles and a coherent theory of constitutional law, flawed though it was. Alito is less principled but still brilliant. Gorsuch and Thomas, however, are partisan hacks and not exactly renowned legal scholars.
Rampant pessemistic speculation incoming: I wonder what they have to hide?
But cars have been around for 100 years.  Old people don't understand technology and phones or the internet (which as we know is not like a big truck).  While I have higher hopes that the SC is educated enough to see the similarity between your car and your phone... I have no faith that at least some of them smart enough to understand Cell Phones have not already compromised their ethics or been bought out by corporate interests.
Thank goodness! though it is shameful it was still a narrow/split ruling.
"Someone offered me a shit sandwich or overcooked fish to eat. I don't even like fish, so I decided to starve!"

Life is full of shitty choices, refusing to make them doesn't absolve you of responsibilities.
Demand better once we are out of crisis mode. That's really selfish, bruh.
If you want to win, you have to play the game as it is, not as you wish it would be.
Nah, I can still blame you.  You knew that your vote wasn't going to matter.  You could have had your vote count and you decided not to. It's *almost* worse to be a third party voter because you're making an actual effort to waste your time.  The others are just apathetic.
You threw your vote away for nothing. You deserve part of the blame.
I 100% blame you. You might as well have not shown up. Don't pull that shit again. It's selfish. Until we are out of crisis mode, you are being stubborn and selfish.
Amendment!
Of July!
Let's get them all out then! Thomas has a lunch with Pence to get to!
The other conservative justices could just as easily choose to tip it the other way, though. By placing all the blame on Gorsuch, you're absolving Thomas, Alito, etc. of blame. They all share in their perversion of the law.

Besides, if you want the focus to be on the stolen seat, McConnell is the biggest villain.
My local teachers union is controlled by a bunch of angry people that have broken down the relationship between the union and the district. They protect shitty teachers and stamp their feet at every attempt by the district to make peace. People are distancing themselves from the local because it’s embarrassing.  They aren’t representing everyone in the district and when we bring it up, instead of listening to us they tell us then we should run it instead because they’re tired of doing everything. But they don’t see that nobody steps up to help because they act insane and no one wants their boss to think they are also insane. I kinda understand the leaders’ points but we can’t all be union president so there has to be a way to get your voice heard that doesn’t involve being in charge.

By your reasoning I should leave my well paying job to
find a school district that has a local union more in line with my ideals? I wouldn’t even know how to go about doing that as negotiation details aren’t public info and if I ask teachers it would be anecdotal info.
You've basically described "right to work", which is also a union-busting position.
~~So we have a resolution within 10m as opposed to within 1m.~~

~~Unless you're working with the Ant man or an invisible ghost, I think this counts as effectively the same.~~

I stand corrected! Totally forgot that triangulation in our cellphones' mapping and navigation functions is not a two-way communication and is entirely dependent on the phone using passive listening to cellphone towers nearby. As such external parties like telecoms have much less resolution on where you are.
 > Some ankle monitors even use GPS, which is even more precise.

Can you even buy a cellphone without GPS these days? 

But they're talking about historical data. When you have several months of continuous cellphone data, you can paint a *very* accurate picture of that person's movement. That's what they're trying to say. They're not just looking at a specific data point, they've got access to the entire location history.
Cell phones are better, because they can also record audio and video.
You can triangulate even with GPS disabled.
People hardly leave their phones places
But the justices say  that owning a cell phone isn't optional in most senses today--I think they're right. The whole idea of giving up privacy by sharing info with a third party makes sense when the message or information is intentionally shared only. Here, you're forced to give your cell phone provider your location, but your intent and purpose is to just make a call. And think about phone calls. Your conversation is transmitted digitally and your phone company sure could keep a record of it, but does that mean you should have no privacy expectation? You share the conversation with your phone company, but it's not by choice, so you keep your 4th amendment privacy right. I think the location data, is much like the digital record of the conversation, and both deserve protection.
Right, but if you're being monitored by the police without a warrant, it means they're probably doing it without your consent or knowledge, and it means they have historical data, that's a pretty fucking accurate picture of your movement.
So how accurate is the location when your source is only cell towers?
True but I was just talking about the accuracy of cell phone location in general
Well there’s nothing that can be done unless he is caught breaking the law.
Why do you feel his seat was stolen?

Because you believe the Russians stole the election?

(this is an honest question)
So I can't get a job without a working, turned-on phone on me at all times, I straight up don't have that option/freedom depending on the industry I work in (most successful professionals in the US need to be readily on-call at every second of their lives or else they can be punished/fired), but I then have to jump through tons of unnecessary hoops just to keep my basic rights to privacy?

Doesn't sound like freedom to me. Sounds like the type of thing which only the most privileged and resigned of middle class folks and cop worshipers could justify.
Between the effect on millions of Americans that their location data can be taken without a warrant or probable cause and the requirement that the authorities articulate some level of suspicion before a judge, the latter is not going to win over the former. Even if this isn’t a major intrusion, it’s certainly not a major hurdle for the police. I’m not sure how you can call yourself a strong supporter of 4A rights if something like this is OK with you.
Then the answer is "tough shit", the same as when you don't meet the burden of proof for a warrant in other cases. Police convenience or laziness has nothing to do with whether or not something is reasonable.
The Court answered this question.

>" The Government did not obtain a warrant supported by probable cause before acquiring Carpenter’s cell-site records. It acquired those records pursuant to a court order under the Stored Communications Act, which required the Government to show “reasonable grounds” for believing that the records were “relevant and material to an ongoing investigation.” 18 U. S. C. §2703(d). That showing falls well short of the probable cause required for a warrant. Consequently, an order issued under §2703(d) is not a permissible mechanism for accessing historical cell-site records. Not all orders compelling the production of documents will require a showing of probable cause. A warrant is required only in the rare case where the suspect has a legitimate privacy interest in records held by a third party. And even though the Government will generally need a warrant to access CSLI, case-specific exceptions—e.g., exigent circumstances—may support a warrantless search. Pp. 18–22. "

This ruling is very narrow and leaves the mechanisms in place described in *Smith* and *Miller* undisturbed.
>	What if they don't have probable cause, but they have "reasonable grounds"?

Then they don’t need GPS data. Simple as that.
Reasonable grounds to believe and probable cause are synonymous. The former is much more commonly used in Canadian law.

In this case, what they had to demonstrate was different.

Reasonable grounds to suspect is a lower standard which is insufficient to obtain a search warrant
They're saying there's a long tradition of police lying or stretching the truth about reasonable/probable cause.
So a few things though. First, you have to remember that this isn't a single moment of location data. Its 5 years of location data. Such extensive data can easily be used to identify someone and likely determine relatively precise locations within a block or two. Its similar to how your web browser itself might not be enough information to pinpoint an individual however if you have a combination of screen size, OS, Browser version, etc. then it becomes identifying information.

And secondly, as noted in the opinion, the prosecutor of the case felt the records were very identifying as they decided to highlight the location information in closing arguments. Finally, the Supreme Court majority opinion is that the records are very precise:

>  In fact,
historical cell-site records present even greater privacy concerns than
the GPS monitoring considered in Jones: They give the Government
near perfect surveillance and allow it to travel back in time to retrace
a person’s whereabouts, subject only to the five-year retention policies
of most wireless carriers. 

But in conclusion, I understand your position but respectfully disagree.
Yeah, you have to smash your damn phone.  If you want to be able to travel without being tracked you need to grab a burner or temp phone.
No they haven’t. SCOTUS’ two seminal cases on the topic, _Davis v Bandemer_ and _Vieth v. Jubelirer_, are vague and the result has been a reluctance to strike down partisan gerrymanders in almost all situations. The lower courts strike down racial gerrymanders because of the VRA but at least 2 of the conservative justices right now are not even entirely convinced the VRA is constitutional either.
True. I'm trying to explain why the some conservatives justices were able to do the right thing on this one.
>Does he hope if we removed 3rd party that we would need warrants in all cases?

Yes, at least that's really what its seemed like from reading his dissent. 

He argued for an originalist private property approach. He had a great example where giving your keys to a valet shouldn't allow the government to search your car without a warrant.
He basically thinks that the 3rd party doctrine in today's day and age where everything is entrusted to 3rd parties due to the internet that we should still have a reasonable expectation to privacy even if a 3rd party is holding a document for us.
There usually is a judge that is on-call, but that’s at least a modicum of a requirement. 4th amendment cases are hard ones for the public because generally only people who would otherwise be guilty have standing to sue (notwithstanding civil right of actions). The effect isn’t intended to stop actual criminals from being tried, but to prevent regular people who would otherwise be subject to having their blood forcibly drawn without the appearance of propriety from the review of a third party.
Yeah, they probably had one of those and didn't want to"bother" him.
There is an "on-call" judge for warrants issued after-hours.
Yuppers camper!
Well right now the ones who have been in too long are only answering to their donors. Though freshmen have the opposite problem where the fall in line with whatever the party leader wants, especially when they have a majority.

But it's not like the limit needs to be one term. Maybe two terms for Senate, and five for House. Both of those are a decade or more.
It's almost like being a judge is a hard job that isn't always black and white. Sometimes they need to strike a balance of reading between the lines of what was actually written, or apply what was written to a situation that doesn't exactly fit what the law was written for. But at the same time minimize the amount of intrepretation needed to not legislate from the bench.
Okay. I wonder how this will affect the travel ban.
Yeah I would call it a concurring opinion in all but name.
Are you denying that Goresuch is a party hack?
They interpret written law, not "how law should have been written."
Political affiliation is not a protected class so its consistent with current law. IANAL
I was under the impression that Gorsuch is [well respected](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Gorsuch#Awards_and_honors).
Instead of bitching about "old people", maybe read what I wrote and Google that case? THe case involved GPS tracking, very similar to the issue in Carpenter.
More like "I couldn't decide which one I liked least, so I decided to let a bunch of people I've never met decide which one I had to eat."
You can *maybe* blame third party voters in like 3 states (MI, PA, FL), and that's ignoring the fact that there's no way that 100% of them would have voted democratic regardless, especially considering that most of the third party votes went to a libertarian candidate. But conversely, there's several states that very well may have ended up leaning Trump, if we're going with "third party should have voted for major parties." 

For sure though, my third party vote in Texas wouldn't have made shit of a difference either way. In fact, it made more sense to try and get a third party to 5% than throwing away my vote on a democratic candidate, when Trump ended up winning by 9 points. And I'm sure a lot of other people felt that way, and felt comfortable voting third party with literally every media outlet saying Clinton had like a 6 point lead in general polling.

There's literally 50 things that could have been done better to have a better election result, and there's no way just one would have changed that. But what's most concerning about your sentiment is you basically saying "you should have voted this way, and you're a bad person for not doing so." That's about as un-American as you can get. 

Get off your fucking high horse.
"Everyone just get registered and *vote*!"

"Cool guys, I got registered and voted third party for President as well as many ballot initiatives and local elections, as is my duty and right as a patriotic American participating in democracy."

"What?! You're part of the problem you asshole!"

"But I got registered. I showed up. I voted. And it wasn't for Republicans, all of which is way way way better than a giant chunk of the population even attempts to do."

"Fuck you man, you've gotta vote the right way to be a *true* patriot. I wish you'd just have stayed home."
No, that is dumb.  If a person believes x best represents them, then vote for x.
Bu-but my morals.
That's assuming his second choice was Hillary. For every Jill Stein voter who may have voted for Hillary, there's a Gary Johnson voter like me who probably would have voted for Trump over Hillary if I was absolutely forced to make a choice.
When I say fuck, you say alito! Fuck!
Well, first off, thanks for your service. My entire family is teachers, with one union president for over 30 years. I understand how much shit teachers have to go through. And I know that unions aren't perfect. (Hell, look at the PBA). 

I imagine that your predicament is similar in a way to having a shitty work environment as a result of the behaviors of those in charge. So it's a lot like what I deal with in the private sector. Do I put up with this shit, or do I try my hand elsewhere? 

The difference I suppose is that, there is no union negotiated contract to increase my wage, or even tenure me. At any moment a boss can decide, fuck this guy. Get the hell out. 

So, while I definitely agree that your circumstances suck, I recommend looking at some of the benefits you've reeped from your chosen field. Benefits that people fought hard for and won.
> But they don’t see that nobody steps up to help because they act insane and no one wants their boss to think they are also insane.

If you run on the "I am not insane" platform, then you should be ok, winning or losing.

>By your reasoning I should leave my well paying job to find a school district that has a local union more in line with my ideals?

Do you think it is a coincidence you have a well paying job? Strong unions=well paid jobs for teachers, weak unions = the districs who don't pay well.

While Unions are never perfect, we need to make an effort to improve them, not get rid of them.
To me it sounds like the opposite. It could "encourage" the resisters to join when they realize they get paid less, have worse benefits, and have less job security.
> we have a resolution within 10m

You are [vastly overestimating](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140908/04435128452/turns-out-cell-phone-location-data-is-not-even-close-to-accurate-everyone-falls-it.shtml) the ability to locate people with cell tower data. Cell towers can maybe tell police what neighborhood you were in. To get a resolution of 10 m, cell towers would need to be spaced approximately every 10 m.
The ruling pertains to only cell phone towers.
Yes.   Yes,  you can.
Okay, but that has no relevance to this court case. This case is only about retrieving connection data from cell towers, not audio and video recordings.
Cell towers ping and triangulate so not super accurate but if I'm looking to see if someone was in an area they say they weren't the data is enough to give me a rough idea. It's not like TV shows and movies portray it
That's not quite accurate.   There does not need to be any criminal element in order for impeachment to proceed.

(Granted,   we've never removed a SCOTUS justice via impeachment  - the closest we got was in 1805 and the Senate acquitted - but theoretically it's possible)
Unfortunately, we have to just eat this.  They thought Clinton would win, so they didn't do what they should have at the time.

Stacking the courts just opens the doors for the republicans  to repeat it.
This is not true. Justice Samuel Chase was impeached by the House for procedural errors committed during trials where the motivation was purely political bias. Impeachment is a purely political matter.
Because Mitch McConnell refused to even hold a hearing to confirm or deny Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, for the seat.  McConnell knew if they even considered Obama's nominee, they would have no real grounds to reject him and, so, he just refused to hold a hearing.    As such, the supreme court seat was held vacant for over a year.   The seat was open for Obama to nominate a replacement.   It should have been filled long before the presidential primaries were even finished, much less the election.
Ah, so now I'm a resigned middle class folk and a cop worshiper, now I know
It didn't require NO showing, just a showing somewhere less than PC, but higher than routinely getting as a matter of course. They still needed a court order, and the data is inexact, so the privacy intrusion is not as strong.
I know, but the intrusion does have to do with whether something is reasonable. Going into your house, placing a tracker on your car without knowledge, searching your pockets, those are all obvious intrusions. But collecting data from a third party that you allowed to be provided? I don't see how that's on the same level of intrusion. It's not just is evidence being gathered, but how the person's privacy rights are invaded, and I don't think this is the same as other methods
I mean, they answered the question in that reasonable grounds is not enough, and that it requires probable cause. I wasn't talking about exigent circumstances, but just a typical investigation. My argument was that the current protection--reasonable grounds--is enough given the nature of the data accessed.
It's not GPS data
I appreciate a reasonable response! And I definitely see what you are saying. You make good points that I'm going to have to think on.

The one thing I want to address though is about the prosecutor's argument being cited by the court, I think it's a bit of red herring, or distraction, or whatever the word is. Any evidence a prosecutor thinks is helpful to their case they will argue to the jury in closing, and this evidence would not have been gathered and presented if they didn't think it could be helpful. However, I don't think that fact should go into the court's analysis, of course the prosecutor is going to argue that the evidence showed he was at the robberies, even if it wasn't exact. That's what you do in closing arguments, spin the evidence in the ways most favorable to you.
What would happen if scotus struck down the vra?
And if they think the VRA isn't constitutional, then they're opinion of the CRA can't be much different.
That's a great example. Totally agree.
That position is really reasonable-and wonderful, surprisingly. Thanks for the info.
Well now I feel like I’ve been too good of a citizen.  


Time to go flip a cop car.
Golly gee, sir
Well yeah the donors are an issue right now. Personally I’d rather see campaign finance reform first, and if we’re still running into issues I’d say we examine term limits.
Yeah it isn’t quite a dissent more of, “I think it doesn’t go far enough but I agree with the idea”.
Are you saying that the GOP is the party of greater 4th Amendment protections, because that is what he argued here?
He is a hack but if what the guy you're replying to said is actually true then it means he was the strongest 4A advocate in the court today.
He's not as much of a "party hack" as you might think.
That's not what they determined.  It was determined that the party wasn't in one of the possible districts that could be claimed as harmed so therefore the party who brought the suit wasn't damaged by it.  If other people in the other districts brought it or if the democratic party did that's a different story.
And in the end it wasn't unanimous, it was a split vote. (Referring to today's ruling)
The worst part about it is the fact that they were so uneducated they could not decide which was worse. It was clear as day to me that Trump is a faker trying to act out the position of a person who knew what they were talking about. Listening to the debates made that abundantly clear. His opinions are no more nuanced than that of the hillbillies that I'm surrounded by in my small town.
Sorry, I didn't say you should have voted for Clinton, I said you should have voted for someone who could have won. "Literally every media outlet" did not say Clinton had a 6 point lead going into the election. They said she had a 6 point lead when she did but the polls tightened in the closing weeks, I'm not sure who was lying about the polls. It is a problem that they overstated Clinton's chances and that average Americans don't understand polls and margins of error, though. The fact that you had a lot of company in your decision doesn't make your decision more useful, it just makes it more understandable.

It's not at all "un-American" to criticize your vote. You're not immune to criticism just because you participated in the process. It'd be un-American of me to say that you don't deserve to vote. If you'd voted for Trump I'd still be blasting you but at least you wouldn't be sitting there saying you did your part and no one can fuss at you.
Please note I said that you were *almost* as bad as non voters.  I'm very glad that you voted in all of the other races and I was definitely more antagonistic in my post then I am in my heart on this issue.  

However, I don't think it's unfair to be frustrated at people who voted third party and feel like they did their part on that specific race.  If you know that there are only two viable choices and you choose a third, you've thrown your vote away.  You had an opportunity to vote for whichever you saw as the lesser of two evils and you did not take it.  My dumbass brother did this.  He voted for Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary and then Gary Johnson in the general.  He has *no* clue what he (Gary Johnson or himself) stands for but thought Clinton was too icky to vote for.  If he'd rather Clinton be president than Trump, he should have voted for Clinton.

At the end of the day if your choices are "all Americans get a double leg amputation" and "all Americans get an ingrown toenail" and you decide to make a protest vote, it kinda makes you a jerk (but relate-able one). 

Disclaimer: This all gets convoluted by the electoral college.  The staggering majority of us are throwing away our votes anyways so I'm somewhat more sympathetic to voting 3rd party in a state where one candidate is winning by 15% anyways. 

EDIT: I'm sorry, I got confused on who I was talking to.  My general sentiments remain true but please disregard the parts about you specifically.
Cool little story there. Now tell one where the protagonist has a functioning understanding of American federal-level election politics and is able to grasp the concept of strategy.
When voting for x instead of D helps a proto-fascit win and set up baby jails, voting for x seems less innocent.
And if by voting for person x, you are allowing person y who does not represent you to win.. what then? Voting 3rd party in this election was a waste of a vote. Everyone knew that. You had your chance to help prevent serious harm to this countries institutions, and instead chose to toss your vote in the trash.
Then you absolutely deserve part of the blame for trump. If you would condone his actions then you are lost as human being. I’d say you have my pity but that would be a lie.
darkseadrake!
Oh I agree that we need to improve them and don’t want them to go away but the idea that if I don’t like the union I should get a new job means I have to union shop, which is something I’ve never heard a fellow teacher suggest when talking about the job search.
It also "encourages" the department or company to hire people who won't join the union.
I stand corrected good sir! Totally forgot that triangulation in our cellphones' mapping and navigation functions is not a two-way communication and is entirely dependent on the phone using passive listening.

Hmm- food for thought!
Shitty ones, but yes. Easier to disable GPS on your smartphone, or tamper with the GPS antenna for the truly paranoid.
>the specific claim that it achieves "near perfect surveillance" comparable to an ankle monitor is just factually incorrect.

I was only replying to the comment that it's "near perfect surveillance" comparable to an ankle monitor. It's not factually incorrect - cell phones are that good and even better.
>Stacking the courts just opens the doors for the republicans to repeat it.

History has shown Republicans are more than willing to play dirty. Democrats have to stop trying to take the high road like it means something or that Republicans will respect the norms.
That is a fair assessment and your viewpoint is one that I would consider based on reason.

Thank you for explaining your position.
How come these teenagers who claim to know more about the constitution than the Supreme Court can't come up with a single fucking retort? They just vomit up their "wah I don't like this, mommy can't tell me what to do!" dissent and then *immediately* fold when challenged.

You openly oppose the rights of private citizens and you can't even compose yourself when told how offensive that is to the average person.
Congress cannot legislate away the standard required under the 4th Amendment. Again, the cornerstone of the 4th amendment is to ensure that the government acts appropriately. The Supreme Court has already carved numerous exceptions out of it, but those exceptions are not the rule.
The fact is, you can't operate in the modern world without a cell phone. Sure, my dad could get by without one, but he's retired and doesn't drive (and it's still a huge inconvenience sometimes). 

If you are basically required to have this device on your person, it seems entirely unreasonable to give the govt. unfettered access to your location data. 

And another thing, it sounds like you're suggesting a person should lose all rights to privacy if they give up those rights in a limited capacity. For instance, I allow various apps access to my email contacts. Does that mean the government should be allowed to see all of my known associates and our correspondence without a warrant? It's a seriously slippery slope.
The Court also addresses what the "nature of the data" is:

>" (2) The Government contends that the third-party doctrine governs this case, because cell-site records, like the records in *Smith* and *Miller*, are “business records,” created and maintained by wireless carriers. But there is a world of difference between the limited types of personal information addressed in *Smith* and *Miller* and the exhaustive chronicle of location information casually collected by wireless carriers. The third-party doctrine partly stems from the notion that an individual has a reduced expectation of privacy in information knowingly shared with another. *Smith* and *Miller*, however, did not rely solely on the act of sharing. They also considered “the nature of the particular documents sought” and limitations on any “legitimate ‘expectation of privacy’ concerning their contents.” *Miller*, 425 U. S., at 442. In mechanically applying the third-party doctrine to this case the Government fails to appreciate the lack of comparable limitations on the revealing nature of CSLI. Nor does the second rationale for the third-party doctrine— voluntary exposure—hold up when it comes to CSLI. Cell phone location information is not truly “shared” as the term is normally understood. First, cell phones and the services they provide are “such a pervasive and insistent part of daily life” that carrying one is indispensable to participation in modern society. *Riley*, 573 U. S., at \_\_\_. Second, a cell phone logs a cell-site record by dint of its operation, without any affirmative act on the user’s part beyond powering up. Pp. 15–17."

And then the Court goes on to say that the decision is narrow and in particular that the ruling  "... does not disturb the application of *Smith* and *Miller* or call into question conventional surveillance techniques and tools, such as security cameras; does not address other business records that might incidentally reveal location information; and does not consider other collection techniques involving foreign affairs or national security. Pp. 17–18. "

Edit: Formatting.
> I mean, they answered the question in that reasonable grounds is not enough, and that it requires probable cause. 

"A warrant is required only in the rare case where the suspect has a legitimate privacy interest in records held by a third party."

That does that mean exactly?
I guess it would kind of depend on how the prosecutor used the evidence wouldn't it? If they said "using this information we know that he was reasonably in the area" then that's not so precise. However if they said "We know he left his house at X point in time, took this road, where they were spotted by a camera, and arrived at Y time to Z location then I think his comments are reasonable to use.

I think overall what made me think about that as important is it seems that the prosecutor is arguing 2 opposite things. The data is precise enough to be used as identifying evidence, with the consideration of my above paragraph, but not precise enough to need a warrant.
It would make gerrymandering today look like cake. Something like 100 or more House districts, especially in the South, are VRA mandated.
His dissent is wrong though. If you give your stuff to someone else, you shouldn't have any expectation of privacy. That's just silly.
Doesn't matter. A 5-4 case still wins. The government can't access those records without a warrant now.
What if is that is what that person wants?
Lol, that is beyond immature.

They did not vote how you wanted, and so you deem their vote invalid.
I don't condone his actions. He's a terrible president as I knew he would be, that's why I didn't vote for him.

But as a libertarian, I probably would have viewed him as the *very slightly* lesser of two evils. If Johnson wasn't on the ballot I probably would have written in Ron Paul or something.
I would union shop when I am looking. It is a consideration like everything else. You can put a different weight on things, but it is for sure worth to check how the union operates. 

I think the "firing the bad teachers" is one of the most difficult dilemmas for the union. Nobody wants the bad teachers, but the problem is how can you ensure that the firing was fair and not political/personal/parents being hysterical (you know who those are) etc.

It is very hard to come up with rules that are fair when you have only subjective criteria. Something to be worked on.
Dude, I'm an attorney and was a prosecutor for 3 years. I explained in my previous post how I think this data is different than GPS information, and so the privacy intrusion is not as strong, and so I don't think it should have the same 4th amendment protection. You came at me with ad hominems and ignored the distinction I drew between this and GPS data. I could keep saying the same thing, or move on.
I apologize if that's what I was suggesting, I wasn't. It's about the nature of the data. This isn't GPS tracking, which has been protected by SCOTUS due to its more exact nature. This location data placed the cell phone in a less-specific area, it's not as strong a tracker as GPS. Because of that, I think the privacy intrusion is lesser
It means they were expanding the warrant requirement to this type of data, which will now apply to law enforcement getting it about anyone across the U.S.
So police can warrantless search your emails? If I hand my car keys to a valet, can police search my car without a warrant? Can they search mail/packages sent through UPS/FedEx? What if I give my house keys to a dog sitter? Can police search my home then?

These are all arguments that Gorsuch made. He said these things should be treated as bailments, and that simply giving someone access or even control of your personal effects does not make them no longer personal effects. And under the 4th Amendment, you need a warrant to search personal effects.
Still selfish.
If there are 3 people,  person A,B, and C, and A holds 100% of the views i have but has a 0% chance of winning, B has 75% of the views i have and has a 55% chance of winning, and person C, who has 5% of the views I have, and a 45% chance of winning, you should go with the person who can do the most good realistically. You won't get everything you want, we never do, but to just say you're not gonna play, and then the person who has almost nothing in common with you wins, you dont get to not take some responsibility.
Not invalid, but pointless, which is not something you can dispute.
'someone else' meaning someone who is not your agent. Parking your car and having the keys, there is still an expectation of privacy. Giving your care to someone else? Not so much.

Mail and packages sent through UPS and fedex are absolutely searchable. No expectation of privacy there at all. 

As for your house, giving access to your house to another individual does not remove the expectation of privacy. In some jurisdications that's black letter law. It's settled law in most places. These are not valid and serious hypotheticals.
>'someone else' meaning someone who is not your agent. Parking your car and having the keys, there is still an expectation of privacy. Giving your care to someone else? Not so much.

I, and Gorsuch would disagree. The police does not have the right to search my vehicle without a warrant simply because I gave my keys to a valet.

>Mail and packages sent through UPS and fedex are absolutely searchable. No expectation of privacy there at all. 

Not without a warrant.

>As for your house, giving access to your house to another individual does not remove the expectation of privacy. In some jurisdications that's black letter law. It's settled law in most places. These are not valid and serious hypotheticals.

Yes, by why is that? I gave my keys to a third party, yes? Under Smith and Miller, that could be argued to be giving then to a third party, yet clearly the police should have a warrant.

I find it very amusing that you accused Gorsuch of being a party hack, and yet you are now trying to argue that the 4th Amendment essentially offers no protections in today's day and age simply because Gorsuch argued that it does offer said protections.
How do you personally stay informed and vet your sources is today's media climate?
Are you embarrassed to be running as a Republican in this political climate?  I mean... I would be.            
      
Isn't it a bit odd that you're not playing more to your strengths in comp sci?  Modernizing MD computer equipment and network infrastructure seems like it would fit.  Obviously the stuff you mentioned is an important priority, but it would seem like you'd add an item playing to your abilities...            
               
You're running against 6 other Republicans.  What do you have that they don't?
How do you expect to balance your college life with life as a state delegate?
How do you feel about reproductive rights and other basic human rights issues?  

Do you plan to fight back against the fascism infecting the federal govt, if so, how?
How many pancakes can you eat in one sitting?
As a Republican, do you support Trump's program of tearing immigrant children away from their parents?

>Fix the traffic problems on the Bay Bridge, either via a new crossing or improving the current one.


Do you have any ideas? Any plans to fix the bay bridge or add crossings?

Why do you think you would be successful when others have failed?

I used to live in your district but i'm on the other side of the bridge now. I wish you luck.
Serious question...what flavor of ramen is fueling you
What's wrong with school safety right now?  If it's related to shootings, those are still incredibly rare.  

I'd rather spend $ on schools in almost any other capacity first.
Hello from Oregon. I'm wondering about two things:

1. What is your plan for improving school safety? Does it involve restricting access to firearms?
2. Your focus appears to be on local infrastructure, which is good. How does the environment figure into that?
Wait one of you're main polices is "gaming lootbox regulation"? How do you justify this as a major issue in our country when we currently have babies and toddlers in camps separated from thier parents?
"Shifting focus" to infrastructure sounds great. But normally that means raising some form of tax or "shifting" dollars from elsewhere. Where will those dollars come from, specifically. (Please don't give a vague answer such as "finding efficiencies". In real terms, where will you find the dollars).
What previous political involvement have you had and if you've ever worked or volunteered for a candidate who was it?
Which values do you share with the Republican Party? Are you for or against family separation? Would you want Trump impeached?
How is your student status relevant to your campaign?
>Introduce new bills in the house and work on improving school safety.

What do you think about the [comprehensive school safety bill](http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/webmga/frmMain.aspx?pid=billpage&tab=subject3&id=sb1265&stab=01&ys=2018RS) passed by the General Assembly last year?

What new bills would you introduce to address this issue?
Hard to see where you stand on issues as your website has almost 0 content. 

Seems like you want to fix potholes, have a balanced budget and more trained officers in schools. 

What. A. Platform.

How do you feel about trumpism taking over the Republican party? 

**Street Paving & Sidewalk Repair Schedules** 



 




**Pavement Condition Assessment**

Every 4 years, the Department of Public Works assesses the condition of all City owned and maintained streets using an independent paving consultant. After the condition assessment is completed, each street segment is assigned a value for "Remaining Service Life", which indicates how soon the street segment should be resurfaced. Unfortunately, there are always more streets requiring resurfacing than funding available to address them.

Prioritizing Process

The Department of Public Works considers a number of factors when determining the highest priority streets for resurfacing. The two most important factors are the "Remaining Service Life" and the traffic volume (average daily traffic) of the street. To maximize the benefits of the paving program, the City prioritizes the streets with the lowest remaining service life and the highest average daily traffic. The City then takes into account the recently completed work and the plans for future work, including both municipal and utility work. Finally, the City attempts to geographically group streets in need of repair. Each year's list is finalized, pending budget approvals.

Projected Maintenance List

The City has developed the 3-Year Paving Schedule.  This schedule is in PDF format below by year.  Please note that schedules are subject to change based on weather and budget contraints.  

How do you plan to improve this current process?
Looking forward to offering advice or answering questions to anyone who's interested in running in a local or state election!

Edit:

For anyone in Maryland who is interested in where District 33 is located here's a map: [http://www.leg33.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Dist33-Map-EDITED.jpg](http://www.leg33.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Dist33-Map-EDITED.jpg)
Who is the fake McCoy?
I generally look up the sources first-hand.

 I also prefer getting my coverage without someone's thoughts being layered over it. I generally prefer C-SPAN because of this.
Jesus, I know this site is extremely left-leaning, but this is the top question? Is he embarrassed to run as a Republican?

Way to keep closing that echo-chamber in around yourself
Are you embarrassed to be calling every Republican a Trump supporter? It’s almost like all sense has been lost...
It's actually not difficult. Since the House regularly meets from January to April, I'd simply take off the spring semester and take a few summer courses to make up for it. 

It'd slow my education down a bit, but in the long run the experience gained would be well worth the investment.
Do you like butter or margarine and what type of syrup do you like to use.
What does border laws several states away have to do with a local state delegate?
Great to see someone here from the Eastern Shore!

My two ideas that I'm focusing on which involve the current crossing as the other suggested routes all have one issue in common. The eastern shore lacks large existing roads that would be able to sustain the traffic of a new bridge.

My first goal is to look at potentially replacing the two lane bridge with a new bridge as the current superstructure is unlikely to support the addition of another lane. The bigger and more lanes we can add to the bridge, the better. If we were to do a four lane, two story bridge we could then use the other three lane bridge in-case of large traffic build-ups. This option is highly expensive and I would prefer saving money over the course of a few years to avoid raising taxes.

The second idea I'm looking at was actually the suggestion of a rail line from Baltimore that would cut through Annapolis and Salisbury then end at Ocean City. This could help alleviate some of the vacation traffic.

When it comes to pushing for this in the house, one of the problems is that no one is championing it. I hope to succeed where others have failed by focusing on this extensively and constantly pushing for support on the various committees. It will likely take some time to gain traction, but my end goal is to finally get things moving as it's been all talk and no action over the years.
Not the OP obviously, but I'd imagine because he's running for local government (as opposed to federal) focused on issues of his district.
Because a lone state delegate is not the same thing as a senator or congressman? Geez, stay on topic. This guy is running for a position that in no way interacts with border laws.
When I searched Fake McCoy this is what came up:          
http://www.quita.net/ebayfake018.jpg              
So many questions...
Please tell me where "Trump" was found in my comment.  It's almost like you're so deeply ashamed of him to the point where you feel the need to defend him even when he's not mentioned.
Well he is the head of the Republican Party.
Can you show me where Trump Supporter was mentioned in the original comment? Thanks.
In it implied in the first sentence. Don’t be dense. You know you were stirring the pot for no reason.

As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> Host Ainsley Earhardt replied by saying that Trump “just wants to make sure we vet who’s coming across the border, in case it’s MS-13 or drugs.” 

  
We thought it was a screaming 4 year old, but it really turned out to be a 30 pound bag of cocaine.  Can't be too careful.
If you see a crying child in the street, make sure you admonish them for getting lost.
Then why the fuck do you care if a woman gets an abortion?
[This was a Dr Seuss cartoon back before Pearl Harbor criticizing the anti-semitic group "America First"](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2015/11/dr-seuss-adolf-the-wolf.jpg)

And then this morning on Fox and Friends: "These aren't our kids. Show them compassion, but it's not like he is doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas"

This is how they make you okay with it when the news starts coming out they are dying
He might as well have said, “fuck you I got mine.” These are kids first and foremost. Stating that it’s not as bad because they are foreigners is text book dehumanization.
I just think it’s funny how they claim to be the people that save babies lives but are literally ok with letting babies be taken away from their mothers. They are sick!
It bothers me that some Americans feel they are the only ones that matter because they happened to be born in one part of the world instead of the other. They didn't have to earn the right to be American, they are the result of fortunate circumstance. It doesn't make a person more or less important than another. 

Saying these kids don't matter because they "aren't our kids" is just a sign that you're a shitty person. Being American has nothing to do with it.
The moment you separate a child from his or her parents, they **become** your kids. Their entire mental and physical well-being is in your hands. All of their scars are your responsibility. 

You have no excuse for failing them.

If you don't want them to be YOUR kids, then reunite them.
> “Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”

Just say it Fox & Friends... they aren't white kids so you don't give a shit.
If you think you’re better than someone from another country because your parents happens to shit you out on this particular piece of soil, fuck you.
I guess not *ALL* Lives Matter then.
And neither is a fetus in another woman's uterus yet they want to grandstand over how important it is to protect it.
>Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas

- Brian "they-aren't-*important*-children" Kilmeade
Oh, look. Fox news not giving a shit about anyone that isn't white. 

This "news" organization needs to be taken down for spreading hate propaganda and failing to report facts.
Please fucking boycott everything that is owned by Fox and News Corp.
Translation:  They aren't white!  I mean com'on people!
Could have just as easily said "calm your tits everybody, they're BROWN" and communicated the exact same message. Jesus christ.
How much is the Statue of Liberty worth in scrap metal?

France could ask for it back.
[The 8 stages of systematic genocide:](http://www.genocidewatch.org/images/8StagesBriefingpaper.pdf)

1. Classification (identifying a group as the "other") ✓
2. Symbolization (identifying a group as the "other")  ✓
3. Dehumanization (identifying the "other" as less human) ✓
4. Organization ✓
5. Polarization ✓
6. Preparation (Concentration) ✓
7. Extermination
8. Denial

Don't say this can't happen here. The Right is weeks or less from being ready to embark on genocide.
Just...fuck's sake. I don't even *want* children but you can be damn sure if I saw a child in distress it wouldn't matter what color or nationality they were, I'd do everything I could to protect and care for them. What is *wrong* with these people?
These aren't our kids.

~Adolf, 1933
>"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore...

...but only if they are white, have millions in cash and come from Norway."
I see MS-13 is quickly rising in popularity as a dogwhistle for hispanics.
They want a genocide
This is terribly unpatriotic.   Americans don't check your Social Security card before deciding if you'll be treated as a human.  We are supposed to be a good people.  We are supposed to put humanity ahead of nationality.
It’s incredible that they don’t realize how they sound.

“These aren’t our Jews.”
And here we see the true face of the right: selfishness.  If it's not them or someone close to them, they just don't give a shit.
"Who cares? They are jews." - Fox and Friends in the 1940s
When are people going to realize these arbitrary lines don’t mean a god damn thing?

You aren’t better or more deserving of anything because of where you were born. And you don’t deserve the shit end of the stick because of where you were born. 

Your character is all that should ever matter. Not your language, the way you dress, even what your past looks like, in some cases. Every single HUMAN BEING should have the right and opportunity to prove themselves and before all of this, I could think of no better proving ground than the United States. 

You want a better country? You want the best country. Take in these families, these kids. Invest in their future. The scientist that finds a major break through in Alzheimer’s could be a 6 year old in a cage right now. But we may never find out.
Oh no.  These are our kids.

When I grew up, the fable of the American Dream drove immigrants to this country with stories regaled to them by their families that moved here before.

My pride.  My patriotism.  My cultural identity, is tied to immigration and how **our country** fascilitated such an aura of respect people wanted to come here for generations.

My children will not know that.  There will be no more success stories of immigrants like Trumps Great Grandaddy that came here and got rich.  Oh no.  They will be replaced with tales of abusive horrors.

And that was the goal of these nazi fucks in the first place.
From the people who spammed images of Charlie Gard and offered to pay to bring him here to give him experimental treatments which hadn't even been tested on animals.  A kid, I'll remind you, recieving first rate medical care in the U.K. for 2 fucking years and was showing 0 signs of brain activity.  All this while snatching healthcare away from American children.
Either be a party that supports Christian values like caring for children, or stop claiming you have Christian values. This conservative hypocrisy is starting to truly reach fascist levels of ignorance.
You know what, Kilmeade?  Your kids aren't mine so fuck you and your kids.
I guess that whole "All lives matter" and "We're all children of God" crap doesn't apply.

And they don't give a fuck when American kids are shot in school either. Fuck these idiots.
oh look, nazis
Nazis in the Morning
The 8 steps to genocide:


Classification


Symbolization


Dehumanization


Organization


Polarization


Preparation <---- You are here.


Extermination


Denial <---- Hopefully you aren't here.
How do they still have advertisers?
Remember when Trump said he bombed a Syrian airfield because he saw pictures of what the children were going through there?
All kids are our kids, unless your a self absorbed, conscienceless asshole. They all deserve to be protected from abuse and tyranny.
"It's not important unless it affects me or someone I love directly." - Every Conservative Ever.
All life is sacred, until it is born and/or happens to not be American.
So sayeth Supply-Side Jesus: "Fuck the meek, for they need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps."
Where in the Bible does it say to treat people, let alone children, like that.
"Its not my kids so nothing is wrong."

-Trash humans.
Holy fuck this rhetoric is terrifying.  Not only are they admitting nationalistic prejudice but their "they could be ms13 or drugs" argument is exactly Japanese internment camp logic.
"...and the Wolf chewed up the children and spit out their bones...

[But those were **foreign children** and it really didn't matter.](http://www.ericrettberg.com/datacultg2/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Adolf.jpg)"
You’ve got to be fucking kidding me. 

Whats happening to America?
This is a VERY dangerous line of thought. It represents the total lack of empathy that this administration and its supporters have adopted. It may just seem like more propaganda now, but this could snowball into more policies very quickly. Refusal to give emergency aid to low income countries? "These aren't our kids". Civilian casualties? "These aren't our kids". One of our allies gets invaded or attacked? "These aren't our kids". These seem like outlandish examples now, but with this as an excuse morality could very well be removed as a factor of the decision making of this government.
The same rhetoric was coming out out of Germany in the 30's. These three pieces of shit are nothing but Nazis.
This is fascism. Don't ever let anyone berate you for calling out these fascists for what they are.

Evil has come to America.
Step 2:  who really thinks these Illegals are really people after all?  Human rights are only for us real Americans. /s
Sprechen sie "sociopath"?
This is how the propoganda works notice his comment

"People are saying that these immigrants are MORE important than people who live here" 

I don't think anyone humanitarian is saying anyone is more important than anymore. That's how they strike the fear into their audience. This is an OPINION and no facts whatsoever where there are polls saying "Immigrant lives are more important than american lives"

This is a humanitarian issue, but now their audience heres this and says "See liberals hate america, and americans"
Fox and Friends (Fox news is general though) attempts to dehumanize anyone who isn't them, this is what they've been doing for years to:

Democrats

Brown People

Poor people

Liberals (they fucking hate liberals)

Immigrants

Academia

Millennials

Social Workers

Civil Rights activists 

Honestly, they should have their media license revoked.  The shit they pull under the guise of "news" is unbelievable.  It's constant degrading, dehumanizing of the "other" (see list above) in order to breed hate and divisiveness.
"We matter, outsiders don't."

"Stop comparing us to Nazis!"
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.*

*Unless you are illegals.  If you are illegal, fuck you, I got mine and boy do I have a concentration camp for you -- Fox news.
"infesting"
You know what is the difference to the Nazis? Now you get the fascism in HD
"These aren't OUR kids."

Sorry, but children are children. Irrespective of what their parents did, the children had no choice or say in the matter. When did it become okay to excuse and normalize harm to children, ANY children, on the basis that these aren't American children?
Is this how "The Purge" starts?
>	“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”

Why is it acceptable to treat people, regardless of country, like shit?
Why would I have more empathy for children who live in Idaho than I do for children from Central America? I'm not sure why anyone would. I don't want any children to be separated from their parents unjustly.
"Anything is fine till it happens to me! Fuck everyone else!"
Hey, if they didn’t dehumanize them that might put already vulnerable house and senate republicans in even more trouble. And we can’t let the democrats take back congress in November. When their constituents regurgitate this they can regurgitate back.  /s
I want a wave of Antifa Supersoldiers to wash over the land
Jesus Wept.
Wait but I remember them pointing to pictures of Syrian children being gassed and saying how much America cared about them. We launched a bunch of missiles and these ass hats loved it. So now we don't care?
Fuck Fox News. They are clearly complicit with human rights violations.
what about the kids in puerto rico?
 “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.”   


  
Except for your kids...  We apparently don't want your fakn kids....  


  
What has happened to our country?!?!?!
>"How is this to be avoided, among ordinary men, even highly educated ordinary men? Frankly, I do not know. I do not see, even now. Many, many times since it all happened I have pondered that pair of great maxims, Principiis obsta and Finem respice—‘Resist the beginnings’ and ‘Consider the end.’ But one must foresee the end in order to resist, or even see, the beginnings. One must foresee the end clearly and certainly and how is this to be done, by ordinary men or even by extraordinary men? Things might have. And everyone counts on that might.

>"Your ‘little men,’ your Nazi friends, were not against National Socialism in principle. Men like me, who were, are the greater offenders, not because we knew better (that would be too much to say) but because we sensed better. Pastor Niemöller spoke for the thousands and thousands of men like me when he spoke (too modestly of himself) and said that, when the Nazis attacked the Communists, he was a little uneasy, but, after all, he was not a Communist, and so he did nothing; and then they attacked the Socialists, and he was a little uneasier, but, still, he was not a Socialist, and he did nothing; and then the schools, the press, the Jews, and so on, and he was always uneasier, but still he did nothing. And then they attacked the Church, and he was a Churchman, and he did something—but then it was too late."

>"Yes," I said.

>"You see," my colleague went on, "one doesn’t see exactly where or how to move. Believe me, this is true. Each act, each occasion, is worse than the last, but only a little worse. You wait for the next and the next. You wait for one great shocking occasion, thinking that others, when such a shock comes, will join with you in resisting somehow. You don’t want to act, or even talk, alone; you don’t want to ‘go out of your way to make trouble.’ Why not?—Well, you are not in the habit of doing it. And it is not just fear, fear of standing alone, that restrains you; it is also genuine uncertainty.

>"Uncertainty is a very important factor, and, instead of decreasing as time goes on, it grows. Outside, in the streets, in the general community, ‘everyone’ is happy. One hears no protest, and certainly sees none. You know, in France or Italy there would be slogans against the government painted on walls and fences; in Germany, outside the great cities, perhaps, there is not even this. In the university community, in your own community, you speak privately to your colleagues, some of whom certainly feel as you do; but what do they say? They say, ‘It’s not so bad’ or ‘You’re seeing things’ or ‘You’re an alarmist.’

>"And you are an alarmist. You are saying that this must lead to this, and you can’t prove it. These are the beginnings, yes; but how do you know for sure when you don’t know the end, and how do you know, or even surmise, the end? On the one hand, your enemies, the law, the regime, the Party, intimidate you. On the other, your colleagues pooh-pooh you as pessimistic or even neurotic. You are left with your close friends, who are, naturally, people who have always thought as you have.

>"But your friends are fewer now. Some have drifted off somewhere or submerged themselves in their work. You no longer see as many as you did at meetings or gatherings. Informal groups become smaller; attendance drops off in little organizations, and the organizations themselves wither. Now, in small gatherings of your oldest friends, you feel that you are talking to yourselves, that you are isolated from the reality of things. This weakens your confidence still further and serves as a further deterrent to—to what? It is clearer all the time that, if you are going to do anything, you must make an occasion to do it, and then you are obviously a troublemaker. So you wait, and you wait.

>"But the one great shocking occasion, when tens or hundreds or thousands will join with you, never comes. That’s the difficulty. If the last and worst act of the whole regime had come immediately after the first and smallest, thousands, yes, millions would have been sufficiently shocked—if, let us say, the gassing of the Jews in ’43 had come immediately after the ‘German Firm’ stickers on the windows of non-Jewish shops in ’33. But of course this isn’t the way it happens. In between come all the hundreds of little steps, some of them imperceptible, each of them preparing you not to be shocked by the next. Step C is not so much worse than Step B, and, if you did not make a stand at Step B, why should you at Step C? And so on to Step D.

>"And one day, too late, your principles, if you were ever sensible of them, all rush in upon you. The burden of self-deception has grown too heavy, and some minor incident, in my case my little boy, hardly more than a baby, saying ‘Jewish swine,’ collapses it all at once, and you see that everything, everything, has changed and changed completely under your nose. The world you live in—your nation, your people—is not the world you were born in at all. The forms are all there, all untouched, all reassuring, the houses, the shops, the jobs, the mealtimes, the visits, the concerts, the cinema, the holidays. But the spirit, which you never noticed because you made the lifelong mistake of identifying it with the forms, is changed. Now you live in a world of hate and fear, and the people who hate and fear do not even know it themselves; when everyone is transformed, no one is transformed. Now you live in a system which rules without responsibility even to God. The system itself could not have intended this in the beginning, but in order to sustain itself it was compelled to go all the way.

>"You have gone almost all the way yourself. Life is a continuing process, a flow, not a succession of acts and events at all. It has flowed to a new level, carrying you with it, without any effort on your part. On this new level you live, you have been living more comfortably every day, with new morals, new principles. You have accepted things you would not have accepted five years ago, a year ago, things that your father, even in Germany, could not have imagined.

>"Suddenly it all comes down, all at once. You see what you are, what you have done, or, more accurately, what you haven’t done (for that was all that was required of most of us: that we do nothing). You remember those early meetings of your department in the university when, if one had stood, others would have stood, perhaps, but no one stood. A small matter, a matter of hiring this man or that, and you hired this one rather than that. You remember everything now, and your heart breaks. Too late. You are compromised beyond repair.

[*They Thought They Were Free*](http://press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/511928.html)

[*The Germans, 1933-45*](http://press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/511928.html)

Milton Mayer
>"These aren't our kids. These are people from another country."

As a Canadian, let me just say that's pretty offensive. 

By the way, the US State Department estimates that 1 million Americans live illegally in Mexico. The United States was also the number one source of unauthorized foreign workers in Canada last year. 

How would you like Mexico and Canada to treat the children of American illegals? Cage 'em up?
> “Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”

That's so fucking unAmerican it hurts. If it's not okay to do to Americans, why is it okay to do to foreign immigrants?
What really pisses me about this is the dehumanization of it. Yes, they are illegal immigrants and came here illegally. I think the discussion is a very difficult one to say the least, but the law is the law and they should be deported. 

BUT that being said is that this isn’t the way to go and should never be. These are people who are being put into concentration camps. There is a right way and a wrong way and this is certainly the wrong way. It’s disgusting how these people are being treated.
Republicans are just so fucked up. No other way to put it.
 Matthew 19:14 Jesus said, "Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these." 

 Matthew 25:45 "And he will answer, 'I tell you the truth, when you refused to help the least of these my brothers and sisters, you were refusing to help me.' 

Leviticus 19:33   When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them.
AKA We aren't worried about these kid but we're still gonna try to destroy abortion world wide.  what a double standard.
You guys, they're basically quoting Jesus word for word here.   

/s
They're in our custody, which means we are responsible for keeping them safe and healthy. 

These people just want others to believe that they aren't human like the rest of us ;  modern chattle.

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7d/2d/64/7d2d640cf6170f17131f776956583ec4.jpg


Voyage of the St Louis.


Boomers and assholes never learn sometimes, thank you to those who did and still do. P. S. Copy paste link, cant figure out what I did wrong here.
1. "The Anti-Immigration Bible" by Robert L. Tsai, published on 18 June 2018: http://bostonreview.net/philosophy-religion/robert-l-tsai-anti-immigration-bible

2. "The White House Bible Study group that influenced Trump’s family separation policy" by Andrew L. Seidel, published on 19 June 2018: https://thinkprogress.org/white-house-bible-study-group-trump-child-separation-policy-24de236c4824/

3. "Trump Cabinet's Bible Study Minister Justifies Child Separation as Consequence of Immigrants' 'Illegal Behavior'" by Lee Fang, published on 19 June 2018: https://theintercept.com/2018/06/19/capitol-ministries-trump-family-separation/

4. "'I Don't Think It Was an Extreme Position I Took': Jeff Sessions on the Bible, Immigration and His Critics" by Jenna Browder, published on 21 June 2018: http://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/politics/2018/june/i-dont-think-it-was-an-extreme-position-i-took-jeff-sessions-on-the-bible-immigration-and-his-critics

5. "What it means to be a Christian in America today" by Matthew Bowman, published on 19 June 2018: https://theconversation.com/what-it-means-to-be-a-christian-in-america-today-97981

6. "American evangelicalism and the politics of whiteness: If white evangelicals are united by anything, it isn't theology." by Seth Dowland, published on 19 June 2018: https://www.christiancentury.org/article/critical-essay/american-evangelicalism-and-politics-whiteness

7. "What Does It Mean to Be Christian in America?" by Eric C. Miller, published on 19 June 2018: http://religionandpolitics.org/2018/06/19/what-does-it-mean-to-be-christian-in-america/

8. (a) "US withdraws from UN human rights council, calling it a 'cesspool' and alleging bias against Israel" by The Associated Press, originally published on 19 June 2018: https://www.cnbc.com/2018/06/19/us-is-poised-to-announce-an-exit-from-un-human-rights-council.html

    (b) "Trump administration pulls US out of UN human rights council" by Matthew Lee and Josh Lederman, published on 19 June 2018: https://apnews.com/9c5b1005f064474f9a0825ab84a16e91/Trump-administration-pulls-US-out-of-UN-human-rights-council

9. "AP Explains: US has split up families throughout its history" by Russell Contreras, published on 20 June 2018: https://apnews.com/375da2b8b1554418a8edad1dd383d707/AP-Explains:-US-has-split-up-families-throughout-its-history

Source + Additional Articles: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/8s0on5/the_trump_administration_could_be_holding_30000/e0vl186
This is how Democratic Societies begin to crumble.  The Narcissism from the Right Wing Cultists is out of control.
Of course they’re not *our* kids. If they were *our* kids, Republicans would be letting people use them for target practice instead.
It's not that different from the common Republican's view on issues. I've personally heard Republicans say things like : "Who cares about climate change? We're all going to be dead by the time it hits." or "Who cares about South Korea, Japan, etc? They can kill each other if they want." etc. But then they're all up in arms about unwanted fetuses.
The party of family values.  The party of Christian values.  The pro-life party.  

Literally telling us that it's alright to shove kids in concentration camps because they weren't born in an American hospital.
Because 'All lives matter', right?
They're still kids.
Sadly, these are your kids.  The second you ripped them from their parents, you took on a sacred duty to give them the best possible care and love.  This shouldn't be the case.  You should never have done it.  But now it is, and you have.

Every person complicit in this, is an accomplice to a horrendous and unforgivable crime.  You will be held accountable. A reckoning will come.
Rage Against the Machine have a song called Without A Face that is scary relevant to this situation.
They're all horrible people.
These people would rationalize mass murder.  This is truly a Nazi style propaganda machine.
Republicans 2008 - "We had to liberate them"

Republicans 2018 - "These aren't our kids"

Unbelievable.
Fucking sociopaths.
One of these days Brian Kilmeade is going to slip up and call someone the N-word.
Jesus Christ, the double think involved inside of these people's tiny brains... They YELL and they YELL about abortion being murder, because we need to protect the innocence of a child NOT EVEN BORN YET. But then an actual child, in pain, in serious trauma, ALIVE HERE IN REAL LIFE, oh fuck those kids, fuck their innocence.
My kids aren't your kids, would you like to stick my kids in fucking cages and possibly never let me have them back?

Fuck this country. JFC. Ireland, please legalize pot, I'm on my way back 120ish years after my great-whatever decided to take a chance in the New World.
Wow. This is what it’s come to. “They’re not American so who cares?” Sad time to be an American. I need to be protesting, we all should.
Not surprising since they don’t care about ‘our’ kids either.
...just like Jesus says in the bible. /S
“Am I my brothers keeper?”

“And who is my neighbor?”

I swear these people whining about Christmas every year have never even opened a Bible. 

It’s infuriating.
The downfall of the US is astonishing.

You'll be a shithole country in 40 years.
This why I will vote straight democrat in November.
"We're children of immigrants ourselves, but fuck THOSE children of immigrants."

These people are evil.
Human rights, compassion and treating others with dignity isn’t a border issue.
Oh, look. A bunch of white people.
Sounds just like something Jesus would have said.
Not surprising that it's Brian kilmeade that said that.


>we [Americans] keep marrying other species and other ethnicities . . . Swedes have pure genes . . . in America we marry everybody...

https://youtu.be/xqbL9-HzxH4
Remember: The Democrats already offered a compromise re immigration to Trump and the GOP. DACA in exchange for the wall, plus funding for border security. Trump walked away because he and people like Tom Cotton wanted reductions to LEGAL immigration. This isn't about security, it's about limiting immigration of non-whites.
Matthew 25:41-43

>41 “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. 42 For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, 43 I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’
Holy shit. Wtf is wrong with these people.
"Our" kids. *Ours*


Good God, grow up. Like little brats building a sand castle. 

All kids are "our" kids. They all feel, they all cry, they're all innocent. 

I just do not understand this sports-like Nationalism. 


Even if this stupid crap made sense, don't even act like you care about kids over here. You bully those who experienced traumatic gun violence first-hand, education means diddly squat, and if they're gay, unconditional love is outta here.

I have been pretty mild on these things, as someone who lives in a red state, and knows plenty of good people..

..but when it comes to "both sides", there's no doubt in my mind which one is creating their own problems. Shit that doesn't matter manifests, while shit that *does* matter gets written off with justification pulled out of swampy driftwood.

I can't wait until the democrats take control. We will never have another conservative president after this is all over. Mark my words. 

That's the thing, they don't think about the future. Trump will not be president forever (contrary to what he may want). NRA, Fox News, Trump the reality star. Time is not going to be kind to them. 

I was watching my local news here in TN, and they were very stern on the opinion that this is a moral issue. The biggest of the lunatics are being filtered through with this one, these racists don't stand a chance. 

Optimistic? Maybe. But I've noticed a huge shift in Trump support around me. Most people I know personally are over him.
It's official, every conservative is a piece of trash
Wow. So... Because they aren't citizens, they don't deserve human decency?

Why is Fox allowed to continue to exist?

These people are fucking sociopaths.

I am so disgusted right now that I think I am going to throw up.
I love that the clip ends with him talking right over the female co-host. In true Fox News fashion, like she's just a pair of tits.
You assholes. I thought "All Lives Matter"
Apparently if a child is brown and near a border, they don't matter...
I really, really wish that I believed in God because there would be a special place in hell for these people and that would give me some comfort.
There are not people who are informed AND decent AND of at least average intelligence who still support Resident Chump.  You can't be all 3 of those things and still be ok with him.  These guys are proving it.
We've reached peak jingoism. Apparently non-American kids aren't worthy of being treated like normal humans.

These people are sick fucks.
So basically Fox & Friends are adopting that whole “I Really Don’t Care. Do U?” Line as their official motto?
"Something's not white about them 🤔"- fox news
they don't even care about poor american kids. what do you expect?
They have dehumanized innocent children in order to defend their master and fulfill their racist dreams.

Never mind the evidence that shows illegal immigrants are [less violent](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.51d65482aef9) than your average American, or that they represent an economic wash, at worst. We spend FAR more in building camps for them. The people that blow the stop sign on the street my two young children play on pose more of a danger to me than the hard working humans (illegal immigrants) that live on the corner near me. (Good folk, amazing food... )

It's clearly not about that. It's about icky brown people, and the fact that we have huge swaths of this nation actually advocating it is mind blowing. Ignorant, racist assholes have gripped this place to the point where morning shows are actively promoting it. 

W.T.F...
Heartless monsters, all of 'em.
 No, but they’re the kids of the people who work for you d-bags.
I'm at the point where I'm going to burn the next flag I see
"Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2018

Red wave, huh? Gee, I wonder why that sounds familiar..
Let's be honest. They don't care about American kids either.
conservative "family values" (tm) means you don't care about someone else's children, particularly the ones with wrong colors
Can the GOP understand if you replacethe word Mexican with Jew?  Like in all cases across the board, would they finally understand the xenophobic response?  Or would they only say, invoking the holocaust is apples to oranges?
Unfortunately this is not the thought of one moron or three douchebags. This is the thought of ~63 MILLION people.
What he means is these aren't human beings who have pale skin, speak english, and weren't descended from the immigrants on the Mayflower.
They want to come to this country: they are OUR FUCKING KIDS. These fucking people
And there it is.
Everything about "America First!" has always screamed this sentiment. I'm all for a strong economy and job creation, but a border shouldn't affect our compassion for human beings.
These people. Idk how they sleep at night
This is political suicide because if the GOP worked with asylum seekers & refugees from South American they are typically Catholics & would vote conservative.  Now they are guaranteed to vote Democrat because the dems aren't separating families.
This is Nazism 101.
“These aren’t our kids” the Germans said in defense of the jewish children being rounded up.
"They're the wrong bloodline.   What? I'm not racist!"
Anyone who watches this show is watching brain washing in an entertaining format, yet they believe the fairy tales faux news spins. Idiots
This is fucking sickening
Did you notice how you start watching that clip and suddenly three humans turn into three giant cockroaches?  Strange how that happens isn't it?
Might as well start calling the new tent detention camps Auschwitz at this point. We have gone full 1930s Germany.
At which point would they mobilize the evangelical base, and tell everyone this is what Jesus would've done.
You're right, these aren't our kids, we prefer our kids be gunned down in public schools so we can "say a prayer" for them and go back to telling people guns aren't the problem and that Democrats just aren't empathetic enough....
Hey, any Trump supporters that still support this abhorrent bullshit, please start a conversation with me right here, right now, so I (and other people that are actually empathetic enough to be choosing a direction for the future) can set you straight. This blind-following bullshit needs to stop. Look at the ramifications this is having on families, and ask yourself, "Is there really not a better way to get this done?" - There are much, much better options available to us; don't forget to use your head.
Next they'll be saying "these aren't our party" as they round you up.
Everybody loves their own kids,good people love all kids.
These aren't his kids as much as abortion fetuses aren't his either.

What a fucking monstrous asshole.
even if they were white kids (which is all Fox News cares about), they still don't give a shit when they're getting gunned down in their classrooms. So Fox News just doesn't give a shit about kids despite all their harping about "pro life" this and "what about the children" that.
Fox has to be stopped. What can we do to destroy them?
Wow. The master plan has worked. Keep the rabble focused and angry on the immigrants coming into this country doing work at near slave wages.  No... no pay no attention at all to the companies that are allowed to do this. Raise the minimum wage? Something something.... socialism... something something... bootstraps.  


No no...its the IMMIGRANTS fault that everything is going wrong for you... IF only we could get rid of them all!

Their plan is working to perfection.
The cluster of cells growing inside another woman's womb aren't our kids either, but they seem to care a lot about them.
Fox and Fascists.
fucking god damn toxic peice of garbage Fox News is. but hey i gotta thank them for one thing. being a litmus test to show me that those who only watch fox news are not worth getting closer to.   My father is that way. for whatever reason beyond me he like many "goodie" christians thikn that Fox News is the second gospel.  and it just proves to me that we will never see eye to eye. and like Fox he is the kind of person that completely dismisses my views on many things and quite honestly doesnt even want to hear them.   Fuck Fox but hey thanks for showing me who i should focus my time on.
"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free....unless you're brown..."
Meanwhile the US military is engaged in actively starving 8,400,000 men women and children to death and not one fucking peep about it.


https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/19/middleeast/yemen-intl/index.html
[deleted]
What he is really saying is "These aren't white kids" hence the Idaho/Texas comment.
Let me translate Foxanese for you. "These aren't white kids"
Honestly, is this the result of eight years of competent, no scandal,  peaceful, prosperous, and compassionate administration of a black President?
"These aren't ~~our~~ white kids."
At least they're not on Mars or in the basement of a pizza store amirite? Guys...? Amirite??
Just fucking wow. It's not even a slow shift to Nazi Germany. It's happening at an extremely rapid rate.
From "No Child Left Behind" to "These Aren't Our Kids"
Fox and shitheads is more like it
\- Ok. Let's give free healthcare and college education to our kids.

\- No.
Fox and Frauds!
I guess empathy is something that doesn't exist in half the US...
Wait, but Fox and Friends told me "all lives matter"... I am confused.
You know, I realize that the GOP and the far right is generally the party of "Fuck you, I got mine"...

...but I never thought they'd just come out and SAY it.
Unfortunately I don't have time to compile this myself at the moment, but does anyone have a list of Fox and Friends advertisers to contact and threaten to boycott if they don't pull their support?

Fox News will never ever pull the show because it has the President's ear, but their bottom line should suffer for it.
Sort by controversial if you want to be disappointed in humanity
They don't care if American kids die in school why would they care if foreign kids rot in jail?
Human garbage. All of them.
And you aren't real news Fox.
These three twats.
Well they're about to flood our foster care system (which is already packed to the gills here in Michigan at least) so give it a bit of time and they will be our kids.
Yea they are not Aryan, i guess
They are human garbage themselves. 

How's that for dehumanizing?
On the path to Genocide.
It's impressive, in an 'utterly evil' sort of way, that the Republicans manage to simultaneously say it's not a big deal and that it's the Democrats' fault. When Trump was elected, it was a complete wake-up call for them: before, they thought they had to at least give the *appearance* of basic consistency, depth, and logical thought, and then Trump was elected running the most incoherent, self-contradicting, and lowest common denominator campaign in US history. Now they don't even try anymore; just blurt out a bunch of contradicting talking points, hold them all at the same time, and nobody they care about will bat an eyelid.
Neither is a fetus.
I always thought it was dramatic and fake when I heard people say that things made them sick to their stomach, but I get it now. This entire saga has made me feel physically ill when I read about it or hear it on NPR. I get cold goosebumps and feel a lump in my throat. I've never been more viscerally upset by anything the US has done in my lifetime.
So when do we stop tolerating this and pull them out of the studio and into the street?
I can almost bet you the people saying this are at least grandchildren of immigrants who were just like those kids
But...they ARE still kids. That aside, nothing makes putting ANYONE into concentration camps acceptable. It's unethical REGARDLESS of the political spin you put on it. I hope your families are ashamed of you.
That's so Christian of them!
This is how the progression will go:

"We don't care about these kids because they aren't Americans."

"We don't care because about these people being detained and having their citizenship stripped from them because they weren't born in America."

"We don't care about these people being sent to camps because they're Muslim, not Christian."

"We don't care about these people being sent to camps because they're Democrats, not Republicans."

"Why is nobody caring that my family and I are being rounded up?"
Ok didn’t read article so I don’t know the context of the quote, but “These aren’t our kids.” hurts me.  If we lived that way (not caring for others kids) where the fuck would we be.
Crossing the border illegally is a misdemeanor punishable by up to 1 year in prison.  These fox people are just around the corner for advocating the death penalty for it.
Maybe Trump isn't the worst of our problems. Maybe it's the **actual** harmful propaganda that Fox puts out **every single day** for no other reason than to make a dozen or so people even more rich and powerful.
Neither were the kids in Syria yet we pulled out the tomahawks in their name
"These aren't our kids".

Sometimes, that applies.  When you see a kid doing something you don't approve of but isn't actually criminal, or a parent doing something to their kid that meets the same standard... "not our kids".

It is in no way something anyone with a shred of normal human empathy should say as a justification for harming a child in any way.
Here Ill translate the dog whistle"

"we dont care because these arent **white** kids"
They're more my children than your spoiled welps, shithead.
That's racist even by Fox News standards.
"Christians"
It’s hard to convince someone to care about others.
There is no such thing as other people's kids.
Didn't we bomb steps because of how they treated their kids?
Yeah, right. 

https://www.loc.gov/law/help/child-rights/international-law.php

>Declaration of the Rights of the Child 1959[2]
The U.N. Declaration of the Rights of the Child (DRC) builds upon rights that had been set forth in a League of Nations Declaration of 1924.  The Preamble notes that **children need “special safeguards and care, including appropriate legal protection, before as well as after birth**,” reiterates the 1924 Declaration’s pledge that “**mankind owes to the child the best it has to give**,” and specifically calls upon voluntary organizations and local authorities to strive for the observance of children’s rights.[3] One of the key principles in the DRC is that a child is to enjoy “special protection” as well as “opportunities and facilities, by law and by other means,” for healthy and normal physical, mental, moral, spiritual, and social development “**in conditions of freedom and dignit**y.”  The “paramount consideration” in enacting laws for this purpose is “**the best interests of the child**,”[4] a standard echoed throughout legal instruments on children’s rights.  Among other DRC principles, a child is entitled to a name and nationality; to adequate nutrition, housing, recreation, and medical services; to an education; and, for the handicapped, to “special treatment, education and care.”[5] Other principles are on protection against neglect, cruelty and exploitation, trafficking, underage labor, and discrimination.

>U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child 1989
The Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) is the most comprehensive document on the rights of children.[7]  Based purely on the number of substantive rights it sets forth, as distinct from implementation measures, it is the longest U.N. human rights treaty in force and unusual in that it not only addresses the granting and implementation of rights in peacetime, but also the treatment of children in situations of armed conflict.  The CRC is also significant because it enshrines, “for the first time in binding international law, the principles upon which adoption is based, viewed from the child’s perspective.”[8]  **The CRC is primarily concerned with four aspects of children’s rights (“the four ‘P’s”): participation by children in decisions affecting them; protection of children against discrimination and all forms of neglect and exploitation; prevention of harm to them; and provision of assistance to children for their basic needs**.[9]  For the purposes of the CRC, a child is defined as “every human being below the age of eighteen years unless under the law applicable to the child, majority is attained earlier” (article 1). 

>Key accomplishments of the CRC have been described as five-fold.  It creates new rights for children under international law that previously had not existed, such as the child’s right to preserve his or her identity (articles 7 and 8), the **rights of vulnerable children like refugees to special protection (articles 20 and 22), and indigenous children’s right to practice their culture (articles 8 and 30)**.  In some instances, this innovation takes the form of child-specific versions of existing rights, such as those in regard to freedom of expression (article 13) and the right to a fair trial (article 40).  In addition, the CRC enshrines in a global treaty rights that hitherto had only been found in case law under regional human rights treaties (e.g., children’s right to be heard in proceedings that affect them) (article 12).  The CRC also replaced non-binding recommendations with binding standards (e.g., safeguards in adoption procedures and with regard to the rights of disabled children) (articles 21 and 23).  **New obligations are imposed on States Parties in regard to the protection of children, in such areas as banning traditional practices prejudicial to children’s health and offering rehabilitative measures for victims of neglect, abuse, and exploitation** (articles 28(3) and 39).  Finally, the CRC sets forth an express ground obligating States Parties not to discriminate against children’s enjoyment of CRC rights.[10]  The right to participate in proceedings, it is argued, “together with the principles of non-discrimination in Article 2 and provision for the child’s best interests in Article 3, form the guiding principles of the Convention, which reflect the vision of respect and autonomy which the drafters wished to create for all children.”[11] 

>Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948[23]
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights contains two articles that specifically refer to children.  Article 25(2) states: “**[m]otherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance**.  All children whether born in or out of wedlock shall enjoy the same social protection.”[24]  Article 26 calls for the right to education for all, and deals both with access to and the aims of education.  Thus, education is to be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages; elementary education is to be compulsory; and education should be “**directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms**.”  Nevertheless, “[p]arents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.”

>International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 1966[25] - The Preamble to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), insofar as it recognizes the indivisibility of human rights, is applicable to children’s rights as well.  Thus, it notes that “**recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world**” and that “**these rights derive from the inherent dignity of the human person**.”[26] Specific references to children are found in articles 10 and 12.  Under article 10, “**[t]he widest possible protection and assistance should be accorded to the family, … particularly for its establishment and while it is responsible for the care and education of dependent children**” (item 1, in part).  It further stipulates that “**special measures of protection and assistance” should be taken on behalf of the young without any discrimination; that they should be protected from economic and social exploitation**; that employing them in morally or medically harmful or dangerous work or in work likely to hamper their normal development should be punishable by law; and that age limits should be set below which the paid employment of child labor is prohibited and punishable by law (item 3).  Article 12 addresses the right of all to “enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health,” to be fully realized by, among other measures, States Parties’ providing “for the reduction of the stillbirth-rate and of infant mortality and for the healthy development of the child” (item 2(a)).  The ICESCR also provides for the right of everyone to education (article 13(1)) and stipulates “primary education shall be compulsory and available free to all” (article 13(2a)).

>International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 1966 [27]
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) contains general provisions from which children are entitled to benefit as well as certain specific provisions on **safeguards for children in the administration of justice and as members of a family unit**.  Thus, article 2 obliges States Parties “to respect and to ensure to all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction” the rights recognized in the ICCPR, “without distinction of any kind;” **to adopt laws to give effect to those rights; and to provide effective remedies where there are violations**.  Article 14(1) incorporates a more specific reference to rights of the young: “any judgement rendered in a criminal case or in a suit at law shall be made public except where the interest of juvenile persons otherwise requires or the proceedings concern matrimonial disputes or the guardianship of children.”  Furthermore, criminal proceedings “should take account of [juveniles’] age and the desirability of promoting their rehabilitation” (article 14(4)) and the penal system should segregate juvenile offenders from adults and accord them treatment “appropriate to their age and legal status” (article 10(3)).[28] Like the ICESCR, the ICCPR **recognizes the family as entitled to societal and state protection (article 23(1)), and so States Parties are to respect the liberty of parents to ensure their children’s religious and moral education in conformity with their own convictions** (article 18(4)).  If a marriage is dissolved, provision must be made for the protection of any children (article 23(4)).  Article 24 of the ICCPR is specifically devoted to children.  It stipulates that “**every child shall have, without any discrimination as to race, colour, sex, language, religion, national or social origin, property or birth, the right to such measures of protection as are required by his status as a minor, on the part of his family, society and the State**.”  It further prescribes that every child must be registered immediately after birth and have a name and that every child has the right to acquire a nationality.
It's pretty sad when Geraldo is the voice of reason in ANY discussion.
I really really wish we could pack up some of these fox employees and Republican politicians and drop them in the middle of central America.   Let them make their way to the border and then get turned away when they ask to come in.
They're called human rights, not citizens rights. Fuckin clowns.
~~Not my President~~ Not my kids
But these people will insist they are "pro-life".
I'm canadian and my fiancé and talk about it every night since tge media started to report it and it bring us to tears because we're so powerless. The fact that those people justify it because "it's their job" piss me off so much
Didn't know Christian values saw borders.
Dude, this are KIDS! Period.
Someone tell Fox & Friends the kids are actually fetuses, then they'll care.
I'm just waiting for Fox News to make a guest appearance on Deep State.
And they aren't fetuses either so I guess that just makes them SOL.
If he really wants to dehumanize them he should call them Republicans.
How do we remove him as president
Neither are fetuses.
Your kids aren't mine either, Kilmeade.
This is the type of shit isolationists said about concentration camps before the US joined World War 2.
Fox & Friends, where truth and basic humanity goes to die.
Why does the concept of humanity escape these fools? They are our kids, We're one human family ffs.
"the jews aren't ours" -nazis
My empathy for children is not restricted by nationality or race. I'm wacky like that.
When lack of empathy becomes an epidemic.
Weren't these people shrieking "all lives matter!" not too long ago?
I seem to recall *another* leader who would dehumanise a particular group of people. I seem to recall another leader who would blame a particular group of people for a country’s problems. I seem to recall another leader who would refer to a particular group of people as “animals,” “criminals,” and other words that imply they are somehow less than.  I seem to recall another leader who made many of his citizens believe is was perfectly okay to separate children from parents and lock them up in “summer camps.”

America, you’re walking a fucking dangerous path. Wake the fuck up.
i guess they didn't really mean it when they said "all lives matter"
I pickeeth and chooseth what I wish to pickeeth and chooseth.
These are people from another country so they're not human beings in the same way we FOX and Friends' viewers think of humanity.
It couldn't be more clear that the Trump crowd clearly has no concept of human decency, compassion, caring, integrity, or anything even remotely related to human goodness.  Anyone who looks at a child and wants to debate "their" kids versus "our" kids is absolutely the lowest of the low.  Even in the animal kingdom you can find Bald Eagles taking care of a baby hawk, or a lioness taking care of an orphaned ape.  What an absolute disgrace (and yes, Mr. Trump... your shit show is truly worth of the word "disgrace"!)
A bunch of canadians should start coming to the border asking for asylum just to fuck with them
I'm guessing California kids don't count as much as the humans in Idaho and Texas, if you extend their line of thinking.
Fox & Friends= monsters.
I'm UK based so I only see snippets of what these people have to say. I find it hard to believe these people believe what they're saying. 

It's just not credible, are these people not challenged when they walk around? Who writes that they should say this?
Jesus Christ, that’s cruel.
Many of Trumps followers have the IQ's  of small rocks.
>	Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!

This tweet is fucking hilarious. He thinks the only thing holding back his agenda is the need for an upcoming ‘red wave’ that will turn the tide in his favor?? His party already controls all branches of government overwhelmingly!! A red wave happening *today* wouldn’t change a thing for him. It’s his own inability to coherently lead, and the GOP’s staggering incompetence and toxically unpopular agenda, preventing him from success.
His tweet about a ‘Red Wave’ is one of the more frightening things I’ve heard this week. And it’s been a horrifying week to be an American already.
When pundits in a country with the most lethal arsenal in history express such opinions, the rest of the world shudders.
Oh look, fascism... What a surprise.  God Bless Hitler /s.
America allows this
This whole issue with children sickens me. But you know what makes me feel even more ill. The SELECTIVE Outrage.... Fox news blast manufactured outrage all the live long day. About minutia or made up stuff... ALL BREAKING news stories about nothing... diddly squat. NOT one major injustice EVER.. I have never seen them cover even ONE legitimate injustice issue on the RIGHT side of humanity. Its twenty four hours of hyped up propaganda sandwich between manufactured fear. Its like that moody teenage girl in the movies who is miserable for absolutely NO good reason other than she has parents and or siblings... Its the digital version of that old angry neighbor who can not even decipher why they are out on the lawn yelling at kids walking by. ALL day long grown ass men yelp and yodeling about stuff that doesn't matter; full of misguided indignation (working their little fannies off appeasing a bunch of people that interpret the Jerry Springer show of information as news).  Its a BADLY written soap opera that requires you to keep a bottle of Tylenol nearby because if the yelling and chattering don't give you a headache. The content damn sure will. These people had a conniption over some words by Michelle Obama just some advice. Feed ya kids healthy snacks??? Lets not talk about her sleeveless dress OMG clutch the tainted pearls. Yet they can not muster a few seconds of outrage for a REAL DYED In the WOOL American created potentially catastrophic human rights crisis? Nothing... huh... Don't hear them screeching in to the TV screen about that...If you are against injustice you don't get to selectively choose which injustices fit your cause. Do you? Especially those claiming to be Christians... The Moral Majority? Take a hint from Jesus.. I think it said he died for EVERAHBodees sins...
So according to fox news for the last few weeks we have, brown child actors going to summer camp???
More like Fox and Hens
This us and them stuff will never bring peace to the world.
One is tempted to pause and think how people like this could be so callous but in an instant realize that's how the extremist conservatives, the Trump cult supporters are. Those of us that have compassion for what is happening to these children and families like to feel that this is not who we are but with Trump's America it is pathetically sad that it IS who we are now.
*"These kids aren't pure"* - Nazis referring to Jewish children

This is textbook dehumanization. It's a fucking embarrassment.
The sky is blue, water is wet, Fox News is a propaganda machine spitting vile racist and hatred filled garbage into the minds of mindless brainwashed dumbasses. What’s new?
What the fuck? Im fine with deporting the family but saying they dont need to treat children with compassion or humaely is fucked up.
I like when people say "oh I didn't mean it like that"

Well then, what the fuck did you mean?

It also works for people who say "you're saying that out of context."

Well then provide the context u fuck.
Right now they could line the kids up and shoot them all dead and Fox will justify it.
A few days ago he said they'd just grow up to be MS-13 anyway.
At least they're no longer having any pretensions that they're not openly nationalist
"These aren't our kids"

Then why do you care so much about abortion?
"Our Kids" = White Kids.
This show is poison.
Hey Fox News idiots, you're not my people, so I guess I should be fine with all of you being jailed and sold into sex slavery for running stop signs and drinking beers in public? Okay, sure, I guess that's "humanity" these days.
Pretty much par for the course of an extreme right or alt-right argument.

"These kids aren't like mine and yours, they have brown skin.

This makes them unimportant in the eyes of the average American."

It seems like Fox and the right and general are tired of pretending like they care about anyone who isn't old, white, and angry.
"In my work with the defendants (at the Nuremberg Trails 1945-1949) I was searching for the nature of evil and I now think I have come close to defining it. A lack of empathy. It’s the one characteristic that connects all the defendants, a genuine incapacity to feel with their fellow men. Evil, I think, is the absence of empathy."

Captain G. M. Gilbert, the Army psychologist assigned to
watching the defendants at the Nuremberg trials
Wow, what a colossal piece of shit. Fuck conservative, fuck Republicans, fuck Trump supporters, fuck Fox News, fuck the right. Never again should these people have a sliver of power, absolute nationalistic, racist, xenophobic pieces of shit, all of them.
The drug war is ending,  need to find a new prisoner.  Why not lock up immigrant children and send their parents home. How many can afford to return and reclaim their child..  How long will taxpayers pay for detaining kids..
"It's not like he's doing this to people of Idaho, or, uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh...uh..."
you know what? I'm not sure i'd get approved for foster/adoption process, but i'd make one mine. these absolutely ARE our children.
Maybe I'm reading too much into this, but I find it disconcerting that they used 2 red States.
These people are just disgusting trash!
The right is rapidly moving away from being able to play the "IT'S NOT RACIST" card
Maybe not, but now we made them our problem.  Great job GOPidiots!
This is how terrorists are made. Just sayin'.
Why does reddit give fox & friends so much publicity?
Fucking disgusting.
The only animals here are the fools @ Fox and Friends
species level consciousness will never be achieved in those older than 50
Republicans showed more outrage over the fake Jade Helm Conspiracy than actual kids being detained and families being torn apart.

Republicans are the party of family separation and concentration camps now.
>	Host Ainsley Earhardt replied by saying that Trump “just wants to make sure we vet who’s coming across the border, in case it’s MS-13 or drugs.”

Turns out that crying six year old on that audio recording was actually 20 kg of pure uncut Columbian cocaine. It’s a good thing we checked!
Fox News is complete garbage
I swear, this administration could drone strike those kids and families on the border and no one would care.



In fact, we’ve been drone striking families in Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, Afghanistan, etc and still no one seems to care
If you didn't vote in 2016, or voted for some "Both sides are the same" dummy, redeem yourself in 2018 and 2020
Geraldo Rivera, if you understand that these people and these children should not be suffering, you cannot keep walking a fine line between "tough on border security" and "be humane in our treatment of immigrant children."  The first excludes the latter. You cannot have both cruelty against a group and then claim to have compassion for them.
I don’t have kids. In fact, I had a vasectomy when I was 22. My wife and I never, ever want kids.

That said, I’m a human fucking being and empathy is something normal people have. Throwing kids in cages is abhorrent and anyone who tries to hide behind “but muh laws!” is a sick piece of shit.
Brian Kilmeade is like a Confederate Percy Wetmore.
aLl lIfE iS sAcReD!
Adding value to a human being is in a way nonsensical because it is a product of pretty random biological processes, but it is a very important basis for building and sustaining a society and human progress in general. So even though it is very important it is perhaps an intellectual discussion that you can have. However, for a political party which prides itself on the rights of the unborn it should be very weird to argue the mindset that children can be unworthy in some way. You have to bend your mind quite far to both jubilate the random process and then denounce it when it happens a few meters across the border.
There are daily gobsmacks like this on that propaganda show
That chick is wearing an amazing dress.

Also fuck Fox News propaganda
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://thinkprogress.org/fox-friends-immigration-these-are-not-our-kids-brian-kilmeade-e23e766b7974/) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Fox & Friends host Brian Kilmeade defended President Trump on Friday by pointing out that while his harsh &quot;Zero tolerance&quot; policy may have resulted in thousands of children being separated from their parents at the southern border, at least the kids affected aren&#039;t Americans.

> About an hour after Kilmeade explicitly dehumanized immigrant children, Geraldo Rivera called out Fox & Friends for their coverage of the family separation issue.

> Geraldo calls out Fox & Friends for their family separation coverage, apologizes for his part.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/8t1jg7/these_arent_our_kids_fox_and_friends_defends/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~329629 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **time**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **out**^#3 **immigration**^#4 **host**^#5
Yeah fuck everyone’s kids. /s
I swear to god I want to fucking kill these people who are on Fox and friends. Somebody should take their kids away from them and place them in cages. Let them see how that fucking feels. Fucking disgrace for humans they are
How very christian of them.
Of course Kilmeade is the one who said it.
Why... How is this show still on?!

Who are their sponsors/ advertisers?
Ok time to round up the advertisers of Fucks and Friends.
Stay classy America.
Disgusting
sick fucks
Shep needs to come out with an patented takedown today. Just to keep me from thinking foxnews is pure evil
I wonder how Christians who watch this and generally agree with these people feel about this attitude?
We talk about shitheads that dont care about kids being shot to death in schools. Of course they will say this.
State-run conservative media sounding a lot like BTN from V for Vendetta these days.
This sound like something Jesus would say. Good job Fox and Friends. You just proved you can be that much more of a douchebag.
Anyone got a list of advertisers for FnF? Looks like its long past time for a boycott.
FoxNews on abortion - read the BIBLE 
FoxNews on Gays / Trans - read the BIBLE 
FoxNews on upholding law - BIBLICAL 

TO - FoxNews on Immigrants & Children - YOU READ THE BIBLE!
[stop inequalities song] 
(https://youtu.be/M0cVSk06ZI0e)
I mean, Brian Kilmeade once argued on air that we as whites need to keep our race pure by only having children with other whites. Literally white supremacists.
This is what facism looks like.
These guys are high
So how many people would be interested in a "Fuck the GOP" protest?  A multi tiered protest where people flood all the Fox news advertisers with emails, crowd fund a commercial to play on Fox News, and on the same day a "buy nothing" protest takes place, and physical protests? 

Call it "Fuck the GOP", make it about removing student debt, and flushing the Washington turds.  

Make it huge, make it organized, several flash mob demonstrations, just a massive protest day.  Anyone have experience planning protests, understand time frames and sociology/psychology for making them huge and impactful?
Love thy neighbor, but apparently not thy neighboring country...
What makes people think other countries won't retaliate and do the same when Americans travel with their kids abroad?
Of course it was the Neanderthal one with the little rat eyes.
Fuck Fox News
Wonder what the reaction to them saying this about the gassing of children in Syria. Yikes.
Fox and Friends is a garbage show
They are not American. 🖕
Spoken like true Christians.

/s
What a fucked up thing to say... doesn't surprise me coming from the idiots on Fox and Friends.
Trump himself said anyone who thinks that way is heartless.
It's not like these are real people! /s
Hmm sounds like my MIL.
I remember Rick saying this exact thing on an episode of The Walking Dead about a group of humans looking for help. I guess "zombie apocalypse" is the level the republicans are playing at. Super.
The Holocaust is here
Well, that's the same mentality they show when an unarmed black man gets shot for reaching for his wallet.
Fox news being fucking clowns?  You don't say.
It's statements like this that really demonstrate how effective the brainwashing has been. How can a person's response to that statement be positive? "Ah yes, of course we only care that children are suffering when they are our own."
Perhaps a lawyer can clarify. If this process is deemed legal and appropriate at the federal level for misdemeanor offenses, could the same process be used for other misdemeanor offenses, including the nebulous "disorderly conduct" charge that can be applied to anything? eg: Police officer doesn't like your attitude, charges you with disorderly conduct and your kids are carted off to a holding facility somewhere and you have no way to contact them.
Fox News makes me sick...
Nice look! 👍🏻
WTF just because they aren't your kids doesn't give you the right to kidnap them.
I, me, mine.
They’re just bad people.
Fox and Friends are not America’s friends.
"If we were your kids we'd punish ourselves!"
I dont support violence 99% of the time. But every once in awhile im not opposed to slapping the fuck out of people.
Neither were the kids in Syria but we bombed their country under the stipulation of 'think of the children being harmed.' but when we do it, it's justice working as intended.
Fox and Friends are dehumanizing themselves.
*Fuck your tired, your poor, your huddled masses. They're probably all muslims anyways.*
I hope Disney buys fox and make the most liberal channel in the US
How very American. Seriously, go fuck yourselves, the lot of you
If you're attempting to forment a future insurgency & continue a cycle of tension/suspicion between the US and latin america, then Fox & Friends & this administrations policies are well on their way to accomplishing this. These children will remember how they were treated. Their parents will remember. John Kelly knows this & he is either ignoring the long term consequences of this or he secretly wants this to happen.
W•O•w
Trash
wow. heartless much.
I love the implication that there's a circle of concern around "our" kids.

I guess this means that the whitebread suburban kid whose entire life is lived in a massive SUV between stops at well-funded schools and well-funded extracurriculars and well-funded McMansion enclaves is *in* that circle. But the fortune-battered child of poverty, civil war, narcoguerra, and natural disaster who happens to speak Spanish and have browner skin *isn't*.

That's a weird way to draw a circle of concern, because, for a whole lot of us, neither kid is *ours* by blood (or even affinity). The only way it makes sense is if the implied *we* is defined by race or nation, neither of which is of any interest to me, particularly as a locus of moral obligation.

There's just human beings, and all children are children to whom we owe care and kindness.
Just like the children at Auschwitz weren't our kids, but it was still wrong, and is still wrong.
but they care about unborns who arnt theirs
Despicable.
I miss when people just ignored this dumpster fire of a show
Take it to its logical conclusion - what does these aren't our kids turn into?  They're not from our religion.  They're not from our state.  They're not from our political party.  They're not from our race.  That's how it all ends.  Always through history.
I cannot believe that in the U S of A  some Americans ear that on TV and are ok with that. 

Those people are the ignorants among ignorants. Since ignorance is not a condition but a state .
. It reveals how much the education in USA is flaw.
It reveals how bad religious leaders are . 
It reveals how politician are weak for not protesting against that kind of ignominious hatred.
It reveals how American parenthood have lost all its marks.

Those F&F anchors are probably what’s is the closest of pure and genuine shit. They are the equivalent of hitlers brown shirts.

Trump and all the republicans who are silent right now have contributed to push America out of its international leadership . 
Think of it . Saudi Arabia just schooled USA on human rights in UN. That is UN BE Leivable. 

WAKE UP USA!
Fucking hell. Hard to find the world's to describe how awful the American government (and Fox) are.
It must be comfortable in the Fox & Friends bubble. To have your obvious hate be cheerfully validated while you drink your pbr in a lazyboy on disability doesn't sound that awful. It's when the inevitable happens and they turn on their own base bursting that bubble and letting their aging base wither and die without benefits while they pivot to another demographic.
Does anyone else think this circus is being used so that we don't pay attention to the other horrible shit going on behind the scenes? Is there a certain name for that in politics other than 'distraction'?

Just seems like Trump is actively trying to do the worst things he can do. Trade wars, caging children, killing off EPA, etc.
Does this surprise anyone? We don't even care about our own kids dying at school.
Yeah because human rights only extend to our citizens.
What goes around.
Comes around
Fox News Pickeeeth and chooseth what Fox News wishes to pickeeth and chooseth .
A reminder that one of the amazingly admirable qualities of America is the promise that by merely setting foot on American soil one enjoys immediately the full protection of the Constitution.  

Supposedly.
You know, from the "Good Christians" "we're all God's children" anchors at Fox & Friends.
*Yet*
Didn’t know what “Fox and friends” was. I honestly thought a children’s cartoon had a political stand and backing.
Well that’s not very friendly.
For about the thousandth time in the past two years or so I find myself asking: How do they not have the sudden crushing realization of *"Oh shit, I'm an abhorrent monster..."* the second those words escape the fetid oozing arsehole they're using as a mouth?
News flash:  morally bankrupt propaganda figures making morally bankrupt comments to justify humanitarian crisis.
Saddened by this.
Every adult is responsible to, and for every child on this planet.  Even animals are able to care for the young of other animals when the baby animals are seperated from their parents.
By this logic, I'm not a member of the economically anxious working class in America, so why should I give a fuck about how they feel?
First they came for the migrants
Alrighty then bitch, let's see if we can make that happen for you. So you can you know shut the hell up.
Uh...If America is no longer a shinning beacon of hope then what country in the world is?
So I'm not the "go on the street and protest" type, but I would like to help. What are some avenues that I can donate some funds to help with this immigration problem (and maybe others)
Another head hangs lowly
Child is slowly taken
And the violence caused such silence
Who are we mistaking?
**But, you see it’s not me
It’s not my family**
In your head, in your head
They are fighting
These disgusting stresses are going to kill me.
Oh hey Goebbles
This just in: Fox & Friends are just talking heads that long lost their care for anyone but themselves, probably shortly after they saw their pay cheque.
[Current list of Fox News advertisers ](https://www.foxnewsadvertisers.com)
maybe we should stop letting white people reproduce until we can reliably prove they won't turn into white supremacists.
This has nothing to do with immigration and everything to do with racism.
Hell, I don't have kids. I think I'll take a "these aren't my kids" approach every time I get a school levy ballot in the mail and vote no. Not my kids!! If you want them educated send them to private school. Not my kids!! You need daycare pay for it yourselves....What a stupid precedent to set.
First they came for the Mexicans, and I did not speak out --- because I wasn't a Mexican
Except that a lot of these parents are not illegals.  They presented themselves to border officials and claimed asylum according to protocol and were arrested anyway.  Some were not arrested but were turned away and then were forced to enter illegally.  It is a human right to claim asylum and it is illegal to turn people away without a hearing.  BTW you didnt address the gross incompetence displayed by this administration.  Why implement a zero tolerance policy when you don't have the infrastructure to handle that many people in custody?  There was a system in place where immigrants were assigned a case worker and were given a notice to appear.  It had a 94% compliance rate and cost you the tax payer $4.00 a day per person.  To keep someone incarcerated costs $400.00 per day.  That's crazy.
I am pretty that's what german village people said looking at the ashes falling around them from nearby extermination camp.
Republicanism = Selfish-ism
Well, when the president uses rhetoric like “infest” which implies they are vermin what does one expect from his echo chamber/propaganda wing?
Why can't a school shooting happened in a Fox News Studio?
Fuck these fascists
MS-13 months
"And who is your neighbor?"
ok
The more they try to justify themselves, the more they dig their way toward Germania country.
Serious question: Why do liberal places like California and the East Coast still want to tie themselves to backwaters that elect fascists like Trump? Has there been any revival in secessionist movements?
Fucking fuck. Horrifying.
No man is an island, 

Entire of itself. 

Each is a piece of the continent, 

A part of the main. 

If a clod be washed away by the sea, 

Europe is the less.

As well as if a promontory were. 

As well as if a manor of thine own

Or of thine friend's were. 

Each man's death diminishes me, 

For I am involved in mankind. 

Therefore, send not to know

For whom the bell tolls, 

It tolls for thee. 

- John Donne
If you were seeking asylum in some other country, and your children were mistreated, would you accept "but they're not French" (or whatever) as justification?
Conservatives are the enemy. Need anymore proof?
Fox and Friends: "Just because Trump wants the military to start goosestepping during parades doesn't mean you can draw more Hitler comparisons. It looks cool back then, and it still looks cool now!"
Sick sick sick
Fuck all of them. I'm sick of this world
Fox and Friends circa 2018 will be studied by future generations. Never before has an American president so obviously and indirectly produced publicized guidelines for household propaganda. Propaganda that is as obvious to it's resistance as it is pure unfiltered truth to it's subscribers. All this, in an age of information and pastiche luxury that begets agoraphobia and paranoia that creates the fuel that the machine must have in order to run.
How likely is trump to get a second term? As an observer this level of hateful rhetoric surely can't continuen
Hopefully fox news Trumps the shark on this one.
Oh fucking come on
https://youtu.be/J2CBOG16G6E
He’s not doing it to the kids of Idaho and Texas yet. I can see that happening if their parents can’t keep up with there bills or taxes in the near future.
Yet.

These aren't our kids *yet.*
People who find this shocking should keep in mind that this is precisely what a nation-state does. Modern nation-states are fundamentally based on the idea that people in the world are distinguished as citizens or non-citizens, so basically everything a state is designed to do must be to the benefit of the citizens even if it is at the expense of non-citizens. Millions, literally millions of people have died, been abused, been mistreated, been denied rights, starved, etc. as the result of actions taken by the US government because they are not citizens of the US or citizens of the right allied states. In reality, people are largely OK with this, so nothing about this story is surprising actually.
What assholes
I wish this show was better. Ainsley is so fucking hot but I cant stand the bs they talk about on this show.
This makes me think Fox & Friends is coordinating.

This is a pretty low level to stoop to unless they’re being blackmailed.
Stop treating this like a policy issue. They're going to kill these people. They need to be stopped now not later. Do you know what the opposite of catch and release means?
Yeah but what if it was your kids? What about your neighbors kids? Whadabout the family you see at church every sunday?
I remember growing up in the states in 80’s. A time when Regan was so loved he could do no wrong. Then when the big talk about the president was that he got a BJ and he played sax, or the black president or the president who wants fast enough to reply when disaster struck the country. When politicians were dived on how they would fix an issue, not wether it’s an issue. I can’t believe those were the good ‘old days.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed;[7]

And then court cases said this only applied to american citizens and not everyone in the world interacting with the US.
Remember when these guys were pushing #AllLivesMatter?
Idiots. Their audience consists of idiots watching idiots. America is "infested" with them, you might say.
Sad truth is that Trump and his base have given people the ability to embrace the inner racism that exists in all of us in some way. Instead of fighting against that terrible part of our nature, his base has stared embracing it to dangerous limits. America isn’t the home of free anymore.
AlL PeOpLE ArE EqUaL In THe EyEs oF GoD
Dear ICE agents: 

You have one chance to dissent. Free your prisoners, arrest or kill your CO and those that give you marching orders. 

If you refuse, you will be hung beside them when the camps are liberated.
Trump and his ilk are human garbage.

 #deportdeploreables
Well, they weren't wrong about MS-13 being animals.
THINK OF THE KIDS before attempting to cross the border illegally. Parents are to blame for being irresponsible, not our government.
He said, “ these aren’t our kids, show them compassion.” Literally the next 3 words out of his mouth.
It's true though. Are we supposed to take in every kid from every country because their own government doesn't give a shit about their people? At some point the problem has to be solved in their own country.
I am mixed on calling out Fox "news". I love to do it myself, because it is incredibly dangerous the kind of hate they spread (similar to ISIS propaganda, really). But I don't want them to get a bigger platform or just spend our time attacking the media, when the real problem is the way trump leads himself, the country, and his campaign. The problem is we just have so many problems to deal with.

You have fox "news" putting people on everyday saying their views are under attack, and even go so far as to spew white nationalist hate speech like their race or culture or identity is under attack, and that the fox "news" viewer needs to **fight** back, and **stand their ground.** I think we all know what they mean by this, white people should shoot minorities if they feel threatened. Then Fox "news" will continue to report minorities in a bad light, by resorting to obscure local news reports, to instill fear. And then to further justify their position they will cut to a random diner in a flyover state that is exclusively filled with voters that are above 50 years in age, white, and at best a token young/minority person. They fill airtime by distracting about how people in a diner in Nebraska love trump, of course.. Then cut back to sowing the seeds of hate. To further try and misguide the views of the fox "news" viewer, fox will find obscure/fringe left wing issues that either are in the most liberal places where this is actually a good thing, or not even a serious issue that is going to advance, and report on it like; "look at what those crazy libs want now, solar roofs on new homes!".

Fox "news" is like ISIS roaming the streets on a megaphone with AK47's out of the back of the truck. Instead they do this to white americans, who fear becoming a minority, lack job security, fear the corporatization/outsourcing of America, and want them to channel their fear/anger/hate toward progressives and liberals. ISIS is looking for young males in the middle east who might be displaced, fearing for safety or food, and looking to channel their fear/anger/hate toward their agenda.

Fox "news" isn't fucking cool. They are poisoning America. I want to ignore them, but I am fascinating with watching them at the gym. And after watching Vice documentaries on how ISIS recruits - its like, the parallels are astounding.

Violence isn't cool, and fox "news" will never condone violence in a way that is identifiable in a concrete way, but you'll catch Laura Ingraham giving Nazi salutes, random usage of extreme language silently provoking violence, and generally stewing a soup of racist hatred over time.

Fox "news" #1 goal right now is to run the clock out on the airwaves and shit on the Mueller investigation in attempt to try and get public opinion to drop, before Mueller has revelations, indictments, etc.

Fox
Also did anyone notice right at the end, that the ranting tool on the right, when the woman started talking, he interrupted her to talk to the guy?

just has to be terrible in all regards in the span of a minute
This state media and propaganda channel needs to be labeled as such already.
Why is noone criticizing Mexico here? It is not considered a 3rd world country and they are directly contributing to this problem.

Does noone care that 100000+ have been estimated as being slaughtered in that country by cartels and smugglers? 

Ya let's criticize trump, that's the biggest priority here, because he has incarcerated people that broke the law yet noone was killed. If you request asylum and a port of entry (the legal way) chances are very slim you will be incarcerated, unless you come up in the system. 

You know this is fake outrage when people are turning a blind eye to the worst part of a epidemic.
And you people defend illegal immigrants by victimizing them.
Not my job being lost to tariffs, why should I care?
[removed]
Well, are they wrong? They are not our responsibility.
Title forgot the word illegal
Come to a port of entry, any number of  US consulates or apply at the embassy. Dont try to come in illegally or you'll be in for a bad day. Simple
they are children whose parents chose to break the law, don't burden the state to subsidize and encourage criminal behavior of the parents
Can anyone explain how this factual statement "dehumanizes" (illegal) immigrants?
Seems accurate.   We can't take care of everyone in the world.   Isn't Puerto Rico still a problem?
You don't see their own governments lined up at the border offering aide and welfare. Do you?
exactly.  when every american is poverty free, then we can worry about other fuckers
The fact that these aren't Americans is 'dehumanizing'.  LOL.  What kind of newspeak gibberish is this.

Ironically, it reveals the contempt the author of this thinkprogress article has for non-Americans.
*illegal immigrants

people tend to leave that part out, but I think its kinda important to the context. An incredibly small amount of people care if LEGAL immigrants enter our country. Shit even if they make an attempt people wouldn't have a problem with it.
Lol are we all still up in arms about Trump calling MS13 members animals?
Womp womp. 

Come here legally!
I need more insight on this. For me it is very difficult to gauge what is true and what is fake without someone telling me how to think and what to believe. In a nutshell, what BAD things are the Trump administration doing AND what GOOD things is it doing? I would like answers on both sides please. Conservative and Liberal. Thank you.
Lesbian Nazi Hookers, abducted by UFOs and forced into weight loss programs
Who cares? It's fox news. MSM doesn't report anything accurately.
[deleted]
Can we as Americans even support everyone we have now? Liberals love to shit on "fly over states" and claim they're just as bad as 3rd world countries 

If that's the case then we need to take care of ourselves for a bit. Like when you get out of an abusive relationship you tend to stay single for awhile.
Do you guys understand the logic behind that policy? Lol how do we know that the adults these children came over with are actually related to them? They have no papers. Should we just allow anyone to come over who has a child? Even if they are criminals, just because they have a kid in their hands? Stop. This. Ridiculous. Outrage. It's going to get someone killed, especially when you're all just reacting emotionally. The liberal mainstream media's fear mongering is going to cause violence. Do you libs want human trafficking to happen freely?
Alright, unpopular opinion here, Who gives a shit about illegal immigrants? Any other country that talked about this no one even blinks an eye but for some reason everyone has a hard on for these criminals. Its not like we have closed borders, these people are here illegally and know it so they can get out of the responsibilities of being an official citizen. Why are we treating this like these are war torn refugees who will be killed if they leave the country. They are criminals, simple as that yet everyone defends them as if they're in the right,
Its the parents fault for doing this.  Don't break the law, then bad things won't happen to your family.
We can't be heartless to illegal immigrants but we also have to remember that as a country, helping our own citizens *should* come before helping others. We should help as many people as we can, but not at the expense of our own citizens
           
Is Mexico doing anything to help these people
Illegal immigrants*
Does Freedom of the Press extend to propaganda like this?
Congress does need to fix the law and keep kids with there parents and then just get them back out of the country. Asylum seekers need to go to a designated port of entry to claim asylum. Not illegally try to sneak into the country. That is criminal. The problem is the dems aren't going to pass a law even once Republicans put one forth because they want to hold Trump's feet to the fire. Your party of "love" really isn't one.  They play the same political game and yet most people on Reddit think the answer is more government and more politicians. Doesn't make a whole lot of sense.   It's also almost impossible to find anyone giving solutions to the problem. It's just a circle jerk hate fest full of dehuminizing calls of Nazis for anyone that makes counter points.
This thread should be renamed r/knownothingliberals
When you argue from a position of emotion instead of logic you've lost.
Why are illegals so entitled?  Do they really think because they hopped the border and took advantage of legal loopholes and told some sob story we've all heard a million times that they deserve citizenship?

Why should they be given preference over someone who went through the proper channels and immigrated here legally?
That's right they're not our fucking kids stop worrying about them.
He said that we can't take everyone in who walks across the border and that we should be prioritizing taking care of our own. That's what a country is about. The United States has millions of people in need. This isn't as polarizing an issue as people are trying to make it out to be. Yes, there are desperate people all over the world. But we can't take care of everyone. That makes NO sense. Do you want completely open borders? Because that's where your argument leads to. Or you want just the people the show up on our southern border to be given a free pass? Because if you do that you're going to get hundreds of times more people showing up there. 

There's no reasonableness to your argument. Taking children away from parents is horrible but if we would just consistently enforce the borders these families will not put their children in jeopardy like this. You may hate the United States but every country has a right to protect and defend its borders. 

Do you want to pay more taxes so that the United States can take care of all the people of the world whose lives are more difficult than some of ours (not all!). Because that's what you should be asking yourselves instead of trying to turn this into another black mark against a politician you don't like. Maybe the United States should send billions of dollars to these countries so that their citizens will have better lives and won't need to leave their own countries. 

I don't have the answers. What are some of your solutions to this specific problem?
Well you should take all news today with a grain of salt.
is it not true?
Seriously. They are breaking the law. They are crossing the border illegally. You cannot help someone if you cannot help yourself and we are struggling.
I'm voting Trump again and there's no amount of bitching or whining or screaming that will stop me. 

See you all in 2018 and 2020! :)
They aren’t Americans. America owes nobody anything. These people illegally cross international borders. 

Don’t break the law and you won’t get separated from your kids. Regardless of your race.
It’s like people care more about illegal immigrants than black people in our country.
Remember when Democrats cared about protecting school children? Guess that’s not the flavor of the week anymore.
Yea fuck it let’s just let every kid and family into America.  Borders be raycis n shiet
WOMP WOMP 

I really don’t care, do you?
The Latino community has been talking about and advocating against Obama era practices for years, anyone saying this is new information is a “wokesplaing” fool.  Everyone wants to arrive and shut the door behind them in the Americas, these creeps have been trying this since their ancestors arrived here sick from Europe from drinking their own poop. Nothing new, now they have their “technology” in the form of cages, psychotropic drugs and a highly organized system that is paid for by their fellow invaders.
Well the parents or the country where these kids were born should be taking care of them.  If they can't do it then I'm sure there's plenty of families here that would like to adopt.
These camps are there to take care of the kids and protect them until, they can verify that their parents are actually their parents and not sex traffickers and until, they can either send them back to Mexico with their parents or until they can send them to a better place. It’s temporary and the most humane thing that can be done for them. It treats them like people and helps them.
"These aren't our kids"... well the statement isn't wrong.... did any American female give birth to these children... No. 

So like it or not the statement is true. If it upsets you, i'm sorry the statement upsets you. The world isn't a magical fairytale land where the truth is all sensitive to your feelings. I use to be Democrat but i absolutely can't stand alot of Democrats anymore. Some Democrats are alright and i respect them for being that way. But seems the cancerous ones are slowly pushing the respectable democrats middle ground or right.
It's true. They're not out kids. Nothing dehumanizing about that.
Trump should deploy the National Guard to protect our country from this communist/democrat lead invasion.  Oh, and fuck mexico!
American kids > illegal kids
Give it up. You all will move on to the next thing to hate Trump for at the end of the week when the "news" tells you what to be mad at him for. Why waste your time on border control. It's happening, it's always happened, get over it.
Everyone outraged over Trumps immigration policies, where the fuck were you when Obama was carrying on a war that was killing Thousands and displacing Millions, where were you when Obama was running a drone program that 90% of the time was killing innocent people including women and children? Or did that not matter because "they aren't our kids" and it wasn't on our soil?
I’m amazed by people who take up for these kids yet defend and fully support abortion. How’s that work?
	This current immigration issue is very near and dear to my heart. I have experienced first hand what these poor children are currently enduring. my family immigrated to the US illegally in 1989. We are Sikh. We left India because of the hostility towards Sikhs in the mid and late 80’s and the lack of opportunity in India. The British left India in shambles after looting it for 200 years. We Lived in Punjab only an hour from the border of newly created Pakistan. The threat of war with Pakistan was always looming. We fled to the United States seeking asylum and the American dream. We crossed at the US Canada border via Washington State. I remember ICE agents flashing badges and Pistols at us as we were leaving our hotel room. We had successfully crossed the border into the US. ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) had been tipped off. How, by who and for what, I suppose, I’ll never know. I was 4 and my brother was 7. I remember being fingerprinted in the same room as my mother. I would not see her again for about a year. My brother and me were placed with a foster family. I recall crying quite a bit. I was inconsolable. My foster mother tried to calm me with words I could not understand. She became frustrated and raised her voice to no avail. I cried so much my foster mother felt compelled to slap me to get me to be quiet. I remember my face burning and screaming as loud as I could. I was then locked in an empty room, alone. I don’t really remember much else. I do remember my foster brothers feeding me yellow snow. I didn’t care for the taste and for some reason they found that hysterical. i don’t believe my foster family was intentionally malicious but I never recall them being warm or loving. I felt I was tolerated at best. I remember talking to my mom on a rotary phone that was mounted on the wall in the kitchen. I had to stand on a stool to reach the receiver. After that day I would find a stool or chair to stand on and push it into the kitchen where the phone was and pick up the receiver crying for my mom but only heard a dial tone. I tired to spin the wheel as i had seen my foster family do and only heard a tic-tic-tic and then a strange sound and more gibberish, no mom though. When I was discovered on the phone I was slapped, pinched, grabbed and pushed away from the phone. More yelling in some strange language. I remember my only real comfort was my brother. He didn’t cry but I did. He was my rock. I was one more thing for him to worry about, making his experience that much worse than mine. I don’t know how he did it. I cried so much. I still cry sometimes, to this day sometimes I cry for no reason at all. Im still full of tears. 

	 When I was reunited with my Father I called him “uncle”. in Indian culture we have words for family. your mother’s brother is your Mama. your Father’s older brother is Thiia. Your fathers younger brother is your Chacha. Everyone else, anyone else, is your uncle. It pains me now to think about that, I can only imagine how my Father felt having his son not recognize him….these are my first memories. They are seared into my mind. I can remember all of This vividly, though I have not thought about any of This for a very long time.  
	I never really did well in school. I was constantly in trouble and prone to violence. I wet the bed until I was eleven. As a teen I quickly developed an affinity for Illicit substances. By 16 I had been arrested 3 times. I was a full fledged alcoholic by 23. At 25 I sobered up enough to enlist in the US Army. I joined the infantry. I deployed to Afghanistan in 2010. I remember reading a Time magazine article around the same time that dubbed Afghanistan “The most dangerous place in the world.”. I Remember My first patrol. I was with the Second Stryker Calvary Regiment (2SCR). 3rd platoon, 1st squad, Alpha team. We deployed from Rose Barracks, Vilseck Germany. I felt all sorts of things that day. Most of the feelings I had I was quite familiar with. I felt fear. I felt anxiety. i felt brave. I felt purpose. I felt so many things. All these emotions I had experienced in one capacity or another at some point in my life. I also felt a brand new emotion to me. This was the first time in my life I remember feeling….safe. I was with the best trained armed force in human history. I knew Every Man with me would kill for me or die in his effort for my well being and I knew this because I felt the very same way. It took the best funded, well equipped and best trained Army in human history for me to feel safe. I only hope that these kids that are being torn away from their families have something similar in their life at some point to make them eventually feel safe again. Dr Abraham Maslow said that after food and shelter, safety is the next necessity in life; I have to agree with Dr. Maslow. until you feel safe noting else in life can be accomplished. After my 4 years were up I was honorably discharged. I did not transition well after my Service in the Army. Within 3 months I had to be hospitalized at a Veterans hospital psych ward, my first visit but not my last. I returned to substance abuse and alcoholism almost immediately after my service in the Army. 
	I have had the luxury of Amazing Family and Friends as a support system to see me through the dark days. Thank you to everyone who can read this. Im not sure if all of these kids will be as fortunate as I am. It tares my heart in half to see them have to go through the same thing I did…what shatters those two pieces into a million more is what they can expect for the rest of their lives. Nightmares, anxiety, constant uncertainty, anger, rage and a slew of other unhealthy thoughts and emotions that will make it very difficult for them to be successful. They will have trouble maintaining meaningful relationships and never really be able to open up or be vulnerable. they will not mentally mature at the same pace as their peers and because of these deficiencies they will feel inadequate and try to fill those voids with all sorts of things, none of them conducive to a healthy or happy life.  These kids will share their misery with everyone. Your kids maybe.   

	No one deserves to feel This way. Just as I believe my foster family was not being intentionally Malicious; I don’t believe anyone wants to foster this type of life for anyone. I don’t agree with President Trump’s policies but I applaud his effort. Immigration is a real problem and needs a real solution. I feel cheated. I don’t think I would have walked this dreary path if I had not experienced such trauma at such an early age. I have made quite a few bad decisions and should be held accountable for my actions. I can’t, as a reasonable adult, blame all my life’s woes on something that happened almost 30 years ago. I can, however, guarantee that I would not have made so many bad choices had I not had to endure what I did at such an early age. Whatever the opposite of a head start is what these kids are getting right now. These kids that are experiencing the same thing now, as I did then, will undoubtably walk a similar path. These are not going to be productive members of our society.
	 This has to stop. I propose that anyone who enters The US illegally be given the option to leave on their own accord at Mexico’s expense or stay and be held to an additional 30% income tax for 5 year before being considered for green card status. Perhaps we could pass legislation that does not allow people who come here illegally to own property until a 100K fine is paid to the state of their residence. 10,000 hours of community service should be mandatory for anyone who enters illegally. There has to be a penalty for crossing into this country illegally. Crossing Illegally with children should be a high crime or a misdemeanor at the very least. The penalty should be severe enough to be a deterrent but not draconian to the extent of creating future drug addicts and criminals. My parents suffered 2 broken human beings as children and well into adulthood as their penalty for illegal entry. Mr. President, this has to be the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever. 

	If the suffering of my family can prevent the future suffering of another, I would be honored to have suffered. Isn’t that what it means to be human? Isn’t that the meaning of life, to find meaning in suffering? If This is just a cycle that we refuse to break then how can we call ourselves anything short of evil? I didn’t want to relive everything I have typed out. I had no other option. I was flooded with memories and emotions when I saw the imagery and audio of those kids. I felt Obligated to share my thoughts because I feel its important for people to know the damage being done. I am So Blessed to have the Family I have. Im blessed to be able to process all of this and the stomach to share it with whoever cares to read this. I hope I have been able to provide some insight to what is happening in our country right now. This is the worst thing I have witnessed in my life time. I am Ashamed not just as an American but as a human being today. If I said nothing then I am just as culpable as the people responsible. Make no mistake, I don’t blame the President for this atrocity; he was not in office 30 years ago when my brother and me were torn from our parents.  The system is broken. I don’t know how to fix it. I just would like people to know the gravity of the problem and the harm we are doing by Ignoring Immigration reform.
Conquistadors need to man up and stop sending their kids to the United States of America. The one thing the news leaves out is that many of these kids get sent here alone by their irresponsible parents and that they are getting raped and trafficked by Central Americans. Immigrants aren't victims they are descendants of people who raped and conquered natives. Mexico had a law that paid for the scalps of Native American kids. Man up and take care of your kids don't tarnish the people who house feed and clothe them because you don't approve of the conditions.
I'm not saying what is happening is ok. But shouldn't we be focused on all the people living in poverty in the US before worrying about another country's problem? It's like if you had a dog shitting all over your house and while it's still shitting you adopt another problem dog because it needs help. We got enough on our plate
Nobody is crying about the broken families in the urban communities and how the court system keeps fathers away from their kids. Nobody is crying about the 5,000 homeless children just in LA. This is nothing but fake compassion, viral emotions. Nobody is lining up to adopt any of these immigrant children to provide them the life their parents tried to steal by entering into our country illegally. Everyone has something to bitch about but I don’t see those same people doing anything about it besides complaining. Send them all back to be with their parents in their country. Life isn’t fair. Welcome to the reality, where’s your passport.
They are right though. Those are just as much America's kids as are Rawanda's children and Japan's children.
"Illegal immigration is wrong, plain and simple… People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally." 

- Senator Chuck Schumer, 2009
How is that dehumanizing? They're saying that they don't belong to us, not that they're not human.
"These aren't our neighbors": /r/politics defends the status quo by dehumanizing anyone who doesn't agree with them 100%.
They are not "immigrants", they are "unwelcome, criminal invaders".

There is a difference.
It amazes me how nobody acknowledges the fact that if the parents weren't breaking the law and trying to get into our country ILLEGALLY  none of this would be happening. It is one hundred percent their fault.
Man, you Democrats grasp for straws dont you?
Why doesn't Mexico provide for their own people? 
Maybe if Mexico wasn't such a corrupt shithole, people might want to stay.
We are not responsible for the failures of other countries.
We cannot let everyone in just because they have kids. 
We would not be able to support them.
It's almost like that's the point of a border and laws against crossing it illeagally. Mexico's citizens should be Mexico's problem. Unless your a racist and think Mexicans can't take care of their citizens.
[removed]
I agree. These kids are not our concern, the money we waste on them is, so the more we deincentivise them from coming here the better. We cant be soft on it, if inhuman treatment is needed we need to use it.
I wish someone would ask how many of the 12,000 detained kids and/or adults actually came through with drugs.
Before the Trump Administration took over, the Department of State had on it's website a very detailed, informative posting of the immigration process, explaining the vetting, all the various agencies involved, the sponsorship and that the process which involves several background checks, takes about 18 to 24 months.  It was quite in depth. 

Now, well, it has some information but it's more diluted and less detailed.  At first it was an infographic.
I'm positive that one of the Cartels has or has thought about smuggling drugs over the border using kids. I'm just also positive that that is not what the Trump admin is trying to address here.

EDIT: Also I hate that these fucking goons use "MS13" as shorthand for "every scary Latin American outfit" and blame them for Cartel shit when they're not a Cartel. There's no nuance or facts here, it's all to exploit fear.
So we definitely had to beat him and drug him just to be safe
It's ridiculous how much publicity they're giving to MS-13.

Preventable illness kills more people each week and they don't give a crap about that.
I wonder where all the money comes from to pay for those drugs?  

Or all the weapons used by cartels?

Let's put these people trying to escape the violence we cause in jail.  

Meanwhile on Wall Street.....[https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/outrageous-hsbc-settlement-proves-the-drug-war-is-a-joke-20121213](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/outrageous-hsbc-settlement-proves-the-drug-war-is-a-joke-20121213)
MS-13 naturally migrates with the entire family
They also don't want to spend money to help vets or the homeless.  This is really virtue signalling.
For sure-just ask Eric Clapton. You gotta take care of your giant bags of cocaine.
Fuck that, I'm tossing them in the nearest sewer. I don't want to hear some kid I don't even know crying. They're Pennywise's problem now.
First demand their papers.
I mean, that’s what Jesus would do!  

Fuck these hypocritical ghouls straight to hell.
You mean for not being white.
Wait, wait, I need to stop and figure out if the child is from Idaho or Texas before I help.
They knew what they were signing up for.
Show them compassion, buuuut...
Why doesn't mexico help them?
I don't really care about Anne Frank do u?
Shitty analogy. Stop defending the parents who brought their kids along with them to a country where it's illegal for them to be at.
No, you put them in a ~~reeducation camp~~ foster home and never let them see their parents again.
If I see a child being forced into my home by their parents I'll definitely admonish them.
Because it isn't about care for the fetus. It is about punishment for the woman for daring to have had sex.
They're pro birth. Not pro life. After the child is born they dont give a fuck.
Their whole sanity and being are wrapped around the ideology they have been raised to follow. The abortion thing is just a means to continue feeding their belief system because without it they would be destroyed. They aren't religious, or into saving babies or making a difference. It's all done for selfish reasons.
It's all connected. They want more (white) babies. And minority children will be forcibly removed/imprisoned
They don't care about that, rather they want control. Republicans are bad people.
I like the part where he can't think of another state besides Idaho
Because they oppose rights that were as a result of the women's suffrage movement. Giving women a voice and a choice over their life and body would weaken their male dominance view.
It’s simple. To control and have power over everyone not white and male (and I am a white guy ftr)
They are not capable of caring as you understand it, this about having control and power over people.
Want more white conservative babies which will lead to people.
It's about putting women in their place. Apparently.

Very Handmaid-y.
They think the evil in the world is Gods punishment for things like abortion. If we ban abortion the think we'll ascend to heaven or some shit. In reality well be faced with all the same problems, some now exacerbated.
Not "our" kids as in "our kind".
It’s not about the fœtus, it’s about having power over women. They need to possess the uterus and treat women as objects.
They want to fuck over as many people as possible and abortions cut those numbers
Because murder shouldn’t be legal.
I saw the opposite in /r/conservative. Saying liberals can’t care about crying kids being separated from their family’s if they are pro-choice.  


Not the same thing at all and disgusting to use it like that.
If it's cool to kill babies, why do you care if they get deported?
I am in no way defending what they said, however it's clear they are talking specifically about immigrant kids, right?

I am not sure how your comment relates at all
Outstanding comment!
Nice to see that the American right has made zero progress in the past eighty years.
That's some quality cartooning and perfectly cromulent in this context
It could be the people of Texas. Do you think ICE gives a fuck about citizenship? Fuck no. They'll round up Hispanic kids *from* Texas and ship them off without their parents never to be seen again.
Holy crap. We're just blatantly saying their lives are less valuable now?
Literally just saw this in the holocaust memorial museum in DC
I have a hunch a number of the kids have been killed or raped, and Fox News already knows about it because they are coordinating with the White House.
Not to be self-interested, but normalizing taking immigrant children is the first step to locking up citizens' kids.
We already have news coming out of immigrants dying in detention, and very little press coverage of it at all.
Sad part is a lot of the kids are probably birthright citizens, just like "our" kids
All of Seuss' anti-"America First" cartoons are ***so*** poignant, you'd sweae they were written today.
[This was a Dr Seuss cartoon back before Pearl Harbor criticizing the anti-semitic group "America First"](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2015/11/dr-seuss-adolf-the-wolf.jpg)

Holy shit.
It took him a while to come up with state examples. Gotta use a Red state or the people listening wont be able to relate
look at that, we are getting back to the good ole' days.

obligatory /s
very soon they'll start saying "these aren't WHITE KIDS" when the GOP do start doing these kind of things to brown and black people in the US.
It's nothing mind blowing.  Even before Trump, when I was like a 9year old kid in like 1998, I knew that the general population didn't give much of a shit about non-white people, especially if they were in foreign non-white countries, and especially if said country was poor or Muslim.
Whomp whomp.
Compassion and empathy are actions. If you feel compassion and dont do anything to help you aren't actually compassionate. It's like saying sorry and not changing your behaviour.

Imagine if we as Canadians said "well we feel for you but ground your planes somewhere else" on 911. Or if Canada and Mexico decided "it's a tough situation for sure but deal with your own wildfires" literally every year we send our crews to help the states out.

Edit:replied to the wrong comment somehow. Leaving it cause the point stands.
Wow, heavy stuff. I'll be sure to share this. I do, however, feel sad that Seuss portrayed Asian Americans in such bad light. Hopefully he tried to fix his wrongs later in his life.
Dr suess was a pedophile who cheated on his wife his entire marriage.
What a deliberately dishonest representation of that comic. You might as well have called them Nazis if we're being hyperbolic as fuck.

The [America First Committee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/America_First_Committee) was a non-interventionist organization in opposition to America entering WWII. The "children" in the comic aren't referring to Jews (necessarily) and the organization certainly wasn't DEHUMANIZING European children in order to avoid war. I know everyone wants a stone to throw at Trump but let's not pull revisionist history bullshit just to do it. The committee's primary focus was on defending America and her interests, not blatant anti-semitism. This is incredibly well-documented. Three days after Pearl Harbor was bombed, the committee was dissolved and the founder declared that victory was now the only course of action.

There is a difference between "America First" to stay out of the second foreign war in thirty years and "America First" to attack and belittle immigrants. Getting them wrong just makes you look like a jackass. 

Edit: Downvotes?? It's literally IN THE WIKI. Fuck this sub is pathetic.
Dying? Lmao take it easyyyy there pal
Reminds of this article from last year: [I Don’t Know How To Explain To You That You Should Care About Other People] (https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/i-dont-know-how-to-explain-to-you-that-you-should_us_59519811e4b0f078efd98440)
42%, America.  Trump has *42% support*.  The only way you can change this is turning congress blue.   

And while we are here, I'm not even American, but I'm utterly sickened by the dehumanisation of these people and the cruel and inhumane treatment of these children so I'm donating yet another £50 to the ACLU [(here are 12 other immigrant advocacy services)](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/8sj40p/ap_sources_homeland_security_secretary_drafting/e100siz/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=user&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage) - would anyone like to match me?  

/r/BlueMidterm2018

EDIT:  [Proof!](https://imgur.com/a/Pt6fke6)
Their make believe rationale for hating immigrants was always about how lazy they are, or the crimes they commit.. As false as they were, they provided them some cover for their beliefs.. How exactly does that apply to 11 month old kids separated from parents? This is basically racism at its most blatantly obvious form
I think what they said is actually considerably worse.
>fuck you I got mine

-The Republican Party
They're just starting to soften up their audiences' feelings for when they start gassing them.
I really don’t care... do you?
Yes. It’s a human trait to have us v them. It’s abhorrent.

For example,  the bible teaches us it’s alright to commit genocide as long as it’s not your neighbour.

Now go, attack the Amalekites and totally destroy everything that belongs to them. Do not spare them; put to death men and women, children and infants, cattle and sheep, camels and donkeys.’” (1 Sam 15:2-3)
Aside from the blatant Naziism and racism, can a man get a name/designed for that dress? My GF would love it
not even surprised at the overt racism anymore.
He doesn't even notice how he dehumanizes them by saying it either.
"Fuck you, I got mine" is the Republican platform.
They might as well say: "That's not my kid -- that's the neighbors kid.  Go ahead and push him in front of traffic if you want.  I don't give a fuck."

These people are fucking monsters.
'Fuck you I got mine' is the cornerstone of modern conservatism in America.
I don't care, do you?
I will never understand this mindset. Whatever happened to "there is neither Jew, nor Greek, for all are one in Christ?"

They may get up there and use parts of the Bible to condone their actions towards these people, but that's not Jesus. Jesus taught love, acceptance, and helping out your fellow man when they need it. 

Sounds like they need a come to Jesus moment.
Just wait for the book burnings
Yea absolutely fuck him, ove never heard that fox and friends guy say anything remotely agreeable.

At the same time, of course we want a president who prioritizes americans over non-americans, thats their job. This is just an incredibly unsympathetic and cruel situation to try and make that point about.
Well I mean if you've done all the hard work that goes into being born in the US, you deserve humane treatment, unlike those lazy babies born outside the US that are only getting what they deserve.
>“fuck you I got mine.”

Republican platform
Do you expect anything different from Fox News? They're literally scums.
Where are all the Constitution-dry-humpers? The undocumented, as they step onto US soil, are protected by the US constitution. The right to a fair trial and freedom from cruel and unusual punishment extends to everyone. Denying basic rights is unconstitutional.
Unfit parents dragging kids 2000 miles to America just to leach off tax paying people is dehumanization.
These are our kids.
I understand your sentiment, but what would you propose as a solution?

 Im more left than I am right  but are you *seriously* suggesting we just let immigration happen en masse because they have children with them?

If not, what do you *seriously* propose as a solution to how to deal with the children?
I don't care, do you
> He might as well have said, “fuck you I got mine.” 

Serious question though - why would anyone not expect that to be the eventual mindset that comes from conservative capitalism?
"Fuck you I got mine" is literally the only thing Republicans stand for. Every action, every policy, every opinion, it all boils down to this.

And the funny thing is, the Republican party has succeeded at making them believe that having anything better is impossible and that what they have is perfect.

You got a shit healthcare, a shit education system, a shitty political system, your public administration is inefficient *on purpose*, your laws allow war criminals to walk, but first time pot smokers to die in prison, it allows your president to be actually corrupt, and it prevents anyone from doing anything because he can pardon people, possibly including himself, and the list goes on. You have a *massive* gun problem, but they had you believe that your fucking identity revolves around owning guns, so you let it happen, and if anyone tries to point the oh-so-weird coincidence that makes every single country that restricts guns a lot not have these problems, you say it's because you're "more diverse", whatever the fuck that means to you, as if you were the most dangerous country in the world or if you had a monopoly on diversity.

If it's great, but you don't have it? To you, this means that it's not important. If you think it's great and nobody else has it? You're the best!

Seriously, if anything, you're average, used to be above, now slightly below.
Also gives up our position in the world. I wonder if China will be nice to us when they are the global superpower?
Same rationalization that allowed the colonists to murder 100,000s of native americans.
This perfectly illustrates the current, fundamental difference between the two political parties.

Republicans: I don't care, it's not my problem.

Democrats: This is all our problem, how do we solve it.
Well they are foreigners. No one automatically gets in the country.
They save fetuses, once they're babies they stop giving a shit
dude not to be a downer but some of these fuck think that by separating them from their families and putting them up for adoption into a good "American" ^^^* home is doing those kids a favor.   


*White Christian home where they can teach them the evil ways of their forebearers
and all their so-called christian/family values viewers, will any of them realize  how 100% un-christ-like this is?? fuck. this.
What's disgusting is that they're using that same point as a reason to point at Democrats for being hypocritical for supporting abortion. It's so much face palming. They genuinely think it's a "gotcha libs!" sort of response.
The sanctity of life begins at conception and ends at birth.
They're also OK with kids dying of preventable illness because it's their own fault for getting sick.

And they're OK with kids living in abject poverty and being malnourished because their parents have to learn to not be poor, or something.

They're horrible people. Just plain horrible.
Abortion is just the biggest and final falsehood they use to justify voting republican. It works the best because people don't question it. In reality it's just armor to avoid acknowledging the real reason which is, CLEARLY, as proven by these comments, just the fucking racism.
They need bodies for factories, its all they really care about. They do not want to educate you they want you to do hard labor at almost no cost. The more bodies they have the lower they can make costs. Children are a money saving tool to them not people.
Pro birth, not pro life.
You do realize that even Americans have their kids taken away from them? And this has been going on EVER SINCE BILL CLINTONS TERM AND IT HAPPENED THROUGHOUT OBAMAS TOO!
I don't understand this. I mean it's the mothers that are responsible for letting their children be taken right? And are you saying separating a child is equivalent to murdering a baby?
Such is the conceit of nationalism.
America is a really large country, and a lot of people never leave it during their entire lifetime.

I have been privileged enough to travel to Europe a couple times, Mexico a dozen times, and French Polynesia.  

Traveling to another country - particularly one where they speak another language - changes you fundamentally as a person.

It makes you feel small, and the world feel big.  It makes you realize that other parts of the world are just as successful (if not more so) as America.  

Being the foreigner gives you empathy toward someone who is here but doesn’t know the language, you realize how difficult it is to just to every day things like shop or find a restroom, and how grateful you are to find a sign or a menu in English.

Mostly you just see that it’s a really big world, and that America has flaws, and that other countries have rich history and cultures and other ways of doing things *that also work*.  You learn that our way isn’t the only way.
"God bless America and nobody else."
It’s pretty pathetic that your entire life’s accomplishments are “I’m white” and “I’m American”.

That’s all they have. Something they did nothing to earn.
Not so sure being born here was fortunate anymore..
Not really that fortunate unless you're rich.
It's one thing if the question is "Should we go ot of our way to help these people on the other side of the world?" But this is about how we are choosing to deal with children right here.
But we pay TAXES
/s
Some of those "foreign" kids are literally citizens too, as much as you or I. You know, cause of that certain law about being born here.
Believing that any innocent children don't matter doesn't just mean you're a shitty person. It means that you are evil.
Fortunate my ass, I would feel very unlucky to have been born there. You are not wrong I'm just a bag of salt when it comes to murica
Collateral damage is the sacred belief of America. 

Non Americans aren’t people just collateral.
The same thing is happening in Europe and far right parties are gaining in popularity as a direct result. You have to respect those who want closed borders or they will vote for someone who will.
Fuck yes. I do not understand how you can value one human life over another based on where your parents chose to birth you.
I live in Texas, and my favorite part of being here is that we have so many communities from around the world. Their, Vietnamese. Chinese, Korean, Ethiopian, Armenian, Lebanese, Persian, Mexican, Central, and South American. I could travel all over here and go a whole day without hearing English, but get 15 different languages.

But, I'm totally in the minority.
For what it’s worth, the Americans that think that way are trash.
And let’s be totally honest, we all know EXACTLY who they mean when they say “our kids”.
JFK put it best with his “ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country”

These Trump voters(and it is them, not all of them, but the majority) believe America owes them something and they are entitled to the opportunities of the “american dream”. 

America owes you nothing, that’s why I would trade a hard working immigrant for an entitled american any day.
Merica furs'
Imho, being American has everything to do with it.
Womp womp
You are over generalizing, I don't think I should matter more to the Italian government then Italians...
Well said
Womp womp
Thanos would agree with you!
This needs to be at the top
In Loco Parentis
That's literally what habeas corpus is for.
If you see things as I do, that we are all one, then they always were not only your kids, they are you and you are me.
Right? They're our kids now.
I'm assuming you're not American, so I'm going to restate your post as someone who is American.

"The moment \*\*Our government\*\* separated a child from his or her parents, they became \*\*Our\*\* kids.  Their entire mental and physical well-being is in \*\*Our\*\* hands.  All of their scars are \*\*Our\*\* responsibility.

\*\*We\*\* have no excuse for failing them.

If \*\*We\*\* don't want them to be \*\*Our\*\* kids, then reunite them." 

That's better.  Our government has stuck us in a wretched situation and is responsible for the kidnapping and trafficking of children and we all must bare part of the responsibility to the welfare of these children and must endeavor to get them back to their families.

Not that just hopping up on my soap box here is of much use, but at this moment in time I'm stuck at work and it's all I got.
To use an old adage of someone that these people claimed to respect, 

“What you do to the least of my brothers, you also do to me. “ — Jesus
And his rhetoric represents a disturbing shift in the way immigration has been approached by the right. Previously, the focus was mostly on culpability, e.g. "these people didn't go through the proper channels!" or "they broke the law when they crossed the border, and now they expect us to take care of them", etc. 

But these children have no personal culpability. For most, particularly the young ones, they didn't even have a choice not to come. And many aren't even legally culpable. A 4-year-old can't break the law in the same way an adult does. Our process for evaluating their actions is much different, and, in most of these cases, there's nothing the children could reasonably be prosecuted for. 

So, instead, they're shifting to a focus on their nationality, with the implication that we don't owe them humane treatment, even when they're in our care. 

These are children who have come into our care without any culpability or agency. And, apparently, they're not entitled to humane treatment due to their citizenship status. This is a pretty radical departure from the ethical principles we've embraced in the past.
[literally Fox and Friends](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2015/11/dr-seuss-adolf-the-wolf.jpg)
 I mean if they want to go there then technically no one else's kids are *my* kids, American or not, does that mean I shouldn't care at all about their well being?

If you're telling me I shouldn't care about kids form another country than with that logic why should I care about kids from another state than my own? Why should I care about kids from another city than my own?
I don't care where someone is born, or where they come from. 

You don't fucking hurt kids. 

It doesn't get simpler than that.
I think we just got permission to put Ted Cruz in a cage, as he is a person \[citation needed\] from another country.
> These are people from another country.

Therefore it doesn't matter?  
  
The dark side of the belief in American exceptionalism is the belief in the inferiority of everybody else.  
  
Get it straight:  Outside of the fact that you live on different dirt, you are completely indistinguishable from other humans.
>but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho

[Idaho, huh?](http://www.idahostatesman.com/news/northwest/idaho/article167378712.html)

>On Monday, the financial news blog 24/7 Wall Street named **Idaho the second-most hateful state in the U.S.** Its list of the top 10 states with the most hate groups looked at the SPLC statistics released earlier this year calculating the number of hate groups nationwide, then couched those numbers in statistics about race, immigration and overall population in each state.

>Of all the states named, **Idaho had the highest percent population of residents identifying as white (91.5 percent) — that’s the fifth highest of any state nationwide.** Add to that Idaho’s relatively low population and relatively high number of total hate groups statewide (12), and our state has 7.1 hate groups per million residents, according to the article’s authors.
>“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion,

This part had me thinking they were misrepresenting what they said, for a brief second. Then I read the rest of the quote...
Straight up Nazi rhetoric
Seriously, when the two states you mention are Idaho and Texas...you're pushing that agenda hard.

On what planet is "They're not our children" acceptable to anybody? Every day is something new with our government, but this is infuriating.
"I really don't care. Do u?"
>On Wednesday night Megyn Kelly declared on her Fox News show that both Santa Claus and Jesus were white. Discussing a piece in Slate by Aisha Harris about a black versus white Santa, Kelly that "just because it makes you feel uncomfortable it doesn't mean it has to change." 

>"You know, I've given her her due. Just because it makes you feel uncomfortable doesn't mean it has to change," Kelly said. "Jesus was a white man, too. It's like we have, he's a historical figure that's a verifiable fact, as is Santa, I just want kids to know that. How do you revise it in the middle of the legacy in the story and change Santa from white to black?"^^[[1](https://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2013/12/megyn-kelly-jesus-and-santa-were-white-179491)]

>-

>^^1\. [^^Hadas ^^Gold, ^^"Megyn ^^Kelly: ^^Jesus ^^and ^^Santa ^^were ^^white," *^^Politico*^^, ^^December ^^12, ^^2013](https://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2013/12/megyn-kelly-jesus-and-santa-were-white-179491)
"These are shithole kids."
Meanwhile, when "our" kids get gunned down by the state...."one bad apple", "don't run", "pick your pants up", " war on cops", "what about black on black crime" the list goes on and on.
These are people from another country, not like people from Idaho or Texas or Puerto Rico.....
I've said this a lot recently, but if this immigration influx was from Scandinavian countries, I would bet my life the Trump admin would be handling the entire thing very differently.
This is some major dehumanizing. Really gross that this is being said on American news.
Ironically enough, it appears the prosperity gospel completely ignores the golden rule.
The argument they're making would equally apply to murdering, torturing, or raping children. That might seem like hyperbole, but dehumanization is what starts the siphon of that behavior.  When you hear an argument about immoral behavior pay close attention to whether it's "this action isn't wrong" or "nothing we do to them is wrong, because they aren't real people".
To be fair, they don't care about white kids being gunned down either.
> it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas

Not yet. It's just a matter of time.
Uh, the GOP has already proven they don’t give a shit about white kids either.  

Kids bigger than a fetus are not worth the trouble of saving.  Unless their last name is Trump.
>Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the **Red Wave!**


Why does red wave sound way more ominous than blue wave? Not to mention has a really Russian-y vibe.
>" but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,”

Yet. Considering how many of these ICE raids that have been reported lately. It just hasn't happened yet.
Very Biblical. What Kids Would Jesus Torture?
If the were our kids, they'd be shooting them.
But the folks in Puerto Rico?  Those people are American citizens...our kids.  But where's Fox&Frauds on that?
From...


[“Child Actors”](http://thehill.com/homenews/media/392774-ann-coulter-calls-immigrant-children-child-actorus)


To [“Summer Camps”](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2018/06/19/fox-news-laura-ingraham-says-immigrant-child-detention-centers-are-essentially-summer-camps/)


And now this...
If this is the structurally Christian nation they think it is then they’re doing just fine. What’s that one bible verse that says enslavement is fine as long as the slaves are from other countries? Although they aren’t technically slaves, it’s basically the same concept. Us vs Them.
We are supposed to be better than this.
Scary how it sounds just like that Dr. Seuss cartoon that's been floating around.
Speaking as someone from Idaho; fuck Fox & friends. Fuck them hard-fucking- core. You cant stand behind a facade of morals and family values and then go out of your way to legitimize the practice of ripping families apart. 

Fuck them and every sycophantic "conservative" who supports this shit.
Show them compassion but dont show them too much compassion cause fuck em, right?
Idaho reporting in, Fuck fox news and fuck this piece of shit.
But they are doing it to people from Idaho and Texas. ICE enforcement across the country has escelated across the nation.
They don even care for school shooting white kids
They picked Idaho and Texas carefully.  As a Vermonter, I honestly don't think those animals would care one bit if Trump were doing this to a blue state.

They're criminals, and when all is said and done, they need to be prosecuted.  I would encourage all of them, both Trump and the team at his State Propaganda machine, to take a look at what happens to fascists and dictators when their regime gets toppled.  It's not pretty, and you really don't want to be on that side of things.
Holy shit. That's just...just when I think Fox can't get any less moral. These people have no shame, and no human decency.
Ahh I don’t think they would be happy with a bunch of ethnic Poles or Spaniards, or Italians or French showing up either. They are Ok with the Anglo-Protestant parts of Europe.
Before someone says “but they’re illegals!”, it’s not hard to see how this pivots down a darker path:

Legal Immigrants - “They’re from another country are competing for American jobs”

Brown Citizens (I’m here, personally) - “How were we supposed to know you were American? You should have just shown your ID instead of resisting” (i.e. peacefully standing up for your rights, but officer wasn’t having that and threw you down to the ground). Toss in “they don’t understand our long traditions/aren’t ‘real Americans’” for good measure.
How has the narrative shifted so much that basically saying, "yeah, we're doing reprehensible things to children as a matter of policy choice. But they aren't American children!", is a totally acceptable defense to use on live tv?
That's probably more to the point.  They seem to have little to no sympathy for the non-white citizens (including minors) who have been killed while in police custody over the past few years.  In their minds, there always seems to be a reason why the non-white person deserved to die.
Melanie was setting the table for this: "I really don't care. Do u?"
They say "America First", but they're actions say "(white) America Only"
Brian Kilmeade.  That is one cold motherfucker statement.  *Everyone* outside the US is from another country.  His head is so far up Trump's ass that he's trying to justify abusing other human beings as long as they're not Americans.  That's not really much of an extrapolation from what he actually said.
So abortion is ok for non citizens?
This is all I think when reading those words. 

*First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out—*  
*Because I was not a Socialist.*

*Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out—*   
*Because I was not a Trade Unionist.*

*Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—*   
*Because I was not a Jew.*

*Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.*
Can you imagine if these were white Canadian immigrant kids caged up on the northern border.
**This is the next step to genocide.**

**Dehumanizing the victims.**
This is also complete bullshit. Puerto Ricans are “our” people— they are Americans— and they sure as hell didn’t give a shit about them either.  What he means to say is “like it or not these aren’t WHITE kids”
Wait until they use the same logic for Blue States. "It's not like he's doing it to Idaho or Texas. These kids are from Massachusetts."
Maybe we should...
I'm not the kind of guy to reach the Godwin point often, but the rethoric used lately stink of the Nazi Germany era. We are still far from what Hitler did but the way we justify what Trump does is just soul crushing.
This is upsetting. The border of a country, and the color of their skin shouldn’t stop people from being compassionate and helping. 

 "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"

This is what being an American is about.
Or flint or Puerto Rico...
Idaho and Texas as well. Two of the most hisotrically racist states we have...
If we're really honest they don't give a shit about anyone's kids besides their own. If they could get something out of ruining an American child's life they would do it. This is all just a means to an end for fulfillment of whatever reward they are chasing.
Anyone care to remind him of the parable of the Jew and the Samaritan? It doesn’t get much more clear cut than that.
It's funny because nobody really considers remote states like Idaho or Texas part of the US in the first place (which I guess is how Trump got elected..)
I absolutely do not understand this mentality. They aren't from our country, or don't pay taxes here...who the fuck cares?!? They're still human!!
Of course we use red States as examples too. I mean you could have said California or Texas but noooo. I live in Idaho I like reminding people that we exist but it's telling which states come to mind for them.
Its just like Jesus said, if it aint white...it aint right.
They don't give a shit about white kids either. Remember sandy hook? White, middle class, six year old children, American citizens. Six year olds are basically still closer to being babies than being even teenagers. They don't care about poor white children. Not all white people have affordable healthcare. 




They have special hate towards south Americans yes, and maybe don't hate white kids. But don't pretend they care about white kids either. 




They don't care about any kids but their own biological ones and those of their personal friends.
Fuck Fox & Friends kids. Their parents are inhumane.
I know it's not how the Left works, but we should really be pointing out that South America is 91% Christian.

**These are *Christian* kids.**

Watch the Right's minds come to the edge of explosion trying to rationalize treating them like shit, and then finally relent and do the right thing.
And how do they feel about the Americans of Puerto Rico?
F&F : These aren't white kids, so you shouldn't give a shit.

But what about the kids from Stoneman Douglas?

F&F:  They're just confused kids, so you shouldn't give a shit.
He did. He said it.
This breaks my heart. This is not America.
Yeah, it's not like they're actual US citizens like the people of Puerto Rico...oh wait.
Just want to accent this part to help the people in the back who still think it's Obama's fault: 

\>“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like **he’s doing this** to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”
And let's be honest, if they were from Idaho or Texas they would still be making excuses. 

"Like it or not these aren't real American kids, they're godless democrats who hate America and will grow up and take your guns and kill your babies"
Republicans are absolutely terrified of "the other". They're such fearful people, it's sad.
Everything before the word “but” is horse shit.
If the CNN or MSNBC anchor said that, they would be terminated before the end of the day
>they aren't white kids so you don't give a shit.

They aren't white kids so they want them to suffer.
Remind me why I'm supposed to care that they're from another country? Last I checked they were humans.
Same nationalism that caused World War 1.
never thought fox news could go for new levels of shitty since bush era but here we are.
No, what they should be saying is that they aren’t even people. /s
Said as if being from a different country makes someone, and this case *children*, undeserving of care, compassion and human rights.
They didn't care that our countrymen in Puerto Rico were (and still are) suffering either, so I think you may be on to something.
What happened to "we are all God's children"?
I don't think I've heard a better euphemism for "white people" than "the people of Idaho"
Leviticus 19:33  When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them.
I mean the government does this to American citizens who are charged or convicted of a crime that creates a situation where the child's only legal gaurdians are not eligible to care for them. No one started caring until it started happening to the children of illegal immigrants.
They got the "they are people" part right.
These are the same people who don't care when *our* kids get gunned down in schools.   "It's the cost of freedom"..
No kidding. As a human being, they’re all our kids.
This is a discussion we need to actively have as a nation, What are our values exactly? Do human rights matter? Can we do more for our neighbors than just push them around and bully them? America spends slightly more on  pet care every year than it does on foreign aid (roughly 40 billion for each under Obama). Who are we?
"We hope these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal."
Somehow them not being their kids or American makes this A-Okay.
We're on steps 5 and 6.  All that's left is extermination and denial.
Way to misunderstand the point. You are the racist.
Honest question: Does US citizenship mean anything?

Doesn't the very idea of citizenship inherently create a difference between those who are citizens and those who are not?

I don't say this to defend Steve Douchy or Wannabe-dictator Trump, but the conversation on this matter seems completely irrational to me. People *want* kids and families to be treated well but they also *want* immigration laws and citizenship to mean something, and nobody seems to have any time or energy for discussing how to do that.

I get not wanting to traumatize families, but where does the rubber meet the road here?
Would they care if they were white Canadian kids, or even if they were white European kids? I feel like they wouldn't. It sounds like they just don't like other people.
Why mention race? It has nothing to do with race, but nationality.

Also fyi, these kids technically are considered white.
Or more like "they dont have a legal status to be here and are therefore breaking the law"
Lol race card. People against this would feel same way if people from the UK were sneaking across the border. Nothing to do with race. Typical liberal race card bullshit
Your insane... clearly it’s saying they aren’t American, which they aren’t. We have enough poor kids here now, why import more for them to compete with?
I wish these dorks were as "racist" as you think they are.
No, hes saying they arent US citizens but it doesnt mean they should be treated like shit.  There are minorities living in Idaho and Texas, just in case you forgot.
This was pretty much the slam I had to issue to my sister-in-law the other day on Facebook, when she posted that tired "Bill Clinton made this law in 1997"-lie (which is funny, because the day before it was supposedly Barack Obama a decade later) immediately followed by "American mothers in prison get their children put in foster care, this is what these kids get for breaking the law."

Why these people can't that the only thing that separates them from these "others" is that they won a geographic lottery just boggles me.

The fact that these people can't see the motivation behind "breaking the law" tells you all you need to know about their worldview and lack of humanity.
And what also sucks is they don't think they have to do anything to keep this country great.  They don't care if we DO become nazis.  Because to them all America is is flags and symbols.  Nothing more.
Too bad the reason this country is decent is because our ancestors worked hard to build the infrastructure that made this country better than the ones they're coming from. Not everyone is entitled to the sweat of my forefather's brow.
All Lives Matter*

*Some restrictions may apply.
ALL is German for "white."
They are pro-birth, not pro-life. Once the baby is born, they couldn’t give less of a fuck about it.


Edit: Actually they can if the baby isn’t white.
Because they don't really care about the baby, they want to publish the woman.
"By their fruits shall ye know them."
I prefer to reference him as Brian *"they don't marry other species in Norway"* Kilmeade.
He's essentially a white nationalist. Anyother network would have fired him a long time ago.
"It's not like he's doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas".

Interesting that he didn't say California or New York.
Agreed - this needs to be agenda item #1.  These hate-mingers need to be removed from the world stage.  I don't care how - legally or otherwise. Cut the head off the hate snake.
Doesn't mention race at all

"This is racist hate speech!"

Chill out buddy
I hate that they have the world cup this year =/
Rojadirecta.com

Don't give them a cent.
Not only that, but more importantly, stop doing business with any of their sponsors. I canceled my Cabelas Visa and refuse to give them any business as they are a sponsor of Ingraham. When I called and then asked why I said I refuse to support a company that sponsors fascism and promotes propaganda that is Fox News.
Is there a list of sponsors/advertisers to call or boycott.  Seems to be the quick and easy way to make an impact.
its only soccer
I think anonymous needs to get in on that action.
We should change it from "No True Scotsman" to "No True American"

1. Was he/she born here?

2. Is he/she white?

3. Is he/she from a southern/heartland state?

4. Is he/she pro second ammedment?

5. Is he/she antitaxes?

6. Is he/she against people *mooching* off of the goverment?

6. Is he/she Christian?

7. Is he/she evangelical?

8. Is he/she a believer in fake news?

9. Is he/she a reader/viewer of FoxNews, Breitbart...?

No to any, not a true American.
Correct. If it was actually about security, then "zero tolerance" would also apply at the Canadian border.
They would still probably be ok with it if it were white Canadian babies...
Oh boy just wait until the “all lives matter” crowd hears this!
Speechless. They’re basically saying they are disposable because they’re not white Americans. What in the ever living fuck.
here you go, IRON FRAMING
The Statue of Liberty is not solid copper.  The statue’s frame was constructed with puddled iron. Four iron legs support the pylon, or the skeleton of the statue, with nine horizontal support struts and diagonal braces. This frame is somewhat similar to the Eiffel Tower because Gustave Eiffel was responsible for engineering both.  This frame is hard to notice with the copper exterior of the Statue of Liberty. The frame also consists of an armature, which supports the outer contour of the statue. In all, the statue has 250,000 pounds of puddled iron, which in today’s scrap market would only net you about $30,000 dollars.

COPPER SHEETS
The real scrap value of the Statue of Liberty comes from its copper. Sheets of quarter-inch thin copper were pounded even thinner and attached to the armature with copper saddles and rivets, and eventually covered the entire exterior of the statue. This copper started out colored like regular copper, but over time the statue turned green as the copper aged. In all, about 62,000 pounds of copper was used in the creation of the statue, and with copper prices now over three dollars per pound, that comes to about $200,000 dollars.

TOTAL VALUE
With the iron framing and the copper sheets, saddles, and rivets combined, the Statue of Liberty is worth about only $230,000 dollars in scrap. Considering the amount of resources required in taking down and transporting all that metal, this statue would be worth very little to a thief. Of course the real value of the Statue of Liberty is not in its metal, but in its historic image. The United States sees it as a symbol of freedom, and to its citizens it is worth far more than the sum of its parts.
>The 8 stages of systematic genocide: 

i've been seeing this (aptly) posted around here recently.

but according to the **[UN Human Rights Council, this *is* considered to be genocide](http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages/CrimeOfGenocide.aspx).**


>Article I 

>The Contracting Parties confirm that genocide, whether committed in time of peace or in time of war, is a crime under international law which they undertake to prevent and to punish. 

>Article II 

>**In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:** 

>(a) Killing members of the group; 

>(b) **Causing serious** bodily or **mental harm to members of the group;** 

>(c) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; 

>(d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; 

>**(e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.**

>Don't say this can't happen here. The Right is weeks or less from being ready to embark on genocide.

"They're really traumatised by this situation that their selfish criminal parents put them in. It's really only the humane thing to do. Plus the housing conditions these bleeding heart libruls keep insisting on would bankrupt the country."
Considering Melania just signaled to Nazis yesterday she wears cloths from Zara, which is anti-Semitic, I think we are seeing the signs. Of course they are going to deny it and the comparison wherever they can.
The last stage that can be stopped by anything other than direct violence.
Fox News.   That’s what’s wrong with them.
No empathy.  Complete and utter lack of empathy.  

These are the “I got mine, fuck you” people.  These are the people who skip the Golden Rule stuff in the Bible because it doesn’t make sense to them, and go straight to the smiting, because hurting other people and feeling special about it *does* make sense to them.
They're lemmings to sociopaths who have trained them to feed on the tears of people who have empathy.
Nazis.  Plain and simple.
>What is wrong with these people?

[Antisocial personality disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisocial_personality_disorder)

Although [Anti-social behaviour](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-social_behaviour) isn't, necessarily, organic in nature.  I can result from bad upbringing.
You're good people.
Well I'm glad your whiny bleeding heart genes are leaving the gene pool. BYE FELICIA.
I'd suggest listening to Dan Carlin's Hardcore History Addendum EP1 comparing Imp Germany to Nazi Germany. He doesn't explicitly draw parallels between the Trump administration and the Nazis, but I think parallels can be drawn further than the obvious racism and antisemitism. 

Carlin focuses on the weaknesses and failures in the German army/economy that were created when positions were given based on race and politics as opposed to merit. As sad and infuriating as Trump & co.'s perceived racism is, it's the cronyism and anti-intellectualism that will lead to our downfall. Just a sad coincidence that it's another unfortunate ideology that they share with the Nazis.
Yea the jews knew about the camps and told there family they were going to walk there and see what happens. Good comparison
Or a run way model from europe
And even then, only if their name is Vidkun.
And it started right here first, many of the distractions of this sort do.

http://dashboard.securingdemocracy.org/

It's not just happening here, we just don't seem to be doing anything about it. 

*Putin's Asymmetric Assault on Democracy in Russia and Europe: Implications for US National Security - A Minority Staff Report Prepared for the use of the Committee on Foreign Relations - US Senate, 115th Congress, 2nd Session, January 10, 2018*

>The Nordic states continue to raise their populations’ awareness of and resiliency to Kremlin disinformation campaigns. In advance of a military exercise in Sweden, which also included the other Nordic states, the Baltics, and the United States, the defense ministries of Sweden and Denmark released a joint statement announcing their intention to team up to deter Russian government cyberattacks and disinformation operations. And Sweden, which will hold elections in 2018, has begun ramping up its defenses against disinformation operations through its Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency (MSB). The agency has picked up on fake news stories that push narratives claiming that Sweden is a war zone and the rape capital of Europe, and that it has banned Christmas lights and the eating of bacon on trains.624 Echoing the U.S. experts hired by Finland, the head of MSB’s global analysis and monitoring section, Mikael Tofvesson, has emphasized that the MSB’s strategy is not to fight fire with fire, noting that:

>‘‘It’s like mudwrestling a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will think it’s quite nice. This plays into their hands, whereas for us getting dirty is just a pain. Instead, we have to try to stay clean and focus on the part of our society that has to work: democracy and freedom of expression, to make sure that giving the citizens correct information becomes our best form of resistance.’’ (page 111)

ref: https://www.foreign.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/FinalRR.pdf
That shit has been going on for 20 years now.
https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/trump-animals-ms-13-w520464
Seriously, trump makes it out like there are millions of them.  My favorite quote of his was when he was talking about the "killing fields" they created in Long Island... ridiculous.
That's what they've been pushing it for for the past 18 months, to be their new codeword for latinos.
I guarantee you everyone on Fox and Friends thinks MS-13 is a Mexican gang.
Yes they do. 

Watch this video about how radio was used in the Rwandan genocide to dehumanize and agitate for genocide. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW6GyzT-wbs

Fox News isn't far from this. They dogwhistle for the 'Day of the Rope' crowd.
and they have it

***

according to the **[UN Human Rights Council, this *is* considered to be genocide](http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages/CrimeOfGenocide.aspx).**


>Article I 

>The Contracting Parties confirm that genocide, whether committed in time of peace or in time of war, is a crime under international law which they undertake to prevent and to punish. 

>Article II 

>**In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:** 

>(a) Killing members of the group; 

>(b) **Causing serious** bodily or **mental harm to members of the group;** 

>(c) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; 

>(d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; 

>**(e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.**
"Maybe this genocide thing isn't so bad"
They realize it.  This is by design.
>In my work with the defendants (at the Nuremberg Trails 1945-1949) I was searching for the nature of evil and I now think I have come close to defining it. A lack of empathy. It’s the one characteristic that connects all the defendants, a genuine incapacity to feel with their fellow men.

>Evil, I think, is the absence of empathy.”


---Quotation: Captain G. M. Gilbert, the Army psychologist assigned to watching the defendants at the Nuremberg trials.
[Fox and Friends in the 1940s](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2015/11/dr-seuss-adolf-the-wolf.jpg)
>Your character is all that should ever matter.

Knowingly and purposefully and, often, repeatedly violating the law of a country in which you're a guest says a lot about your character.

Didn't really think that one through, did you?
>**My pride.  My patriotism.  My cultural identity**, is tied to immigration and how our country fascilitated such an aura of respect people wanted to come here for generations.

Same here. My fear is that we are becoming a minority in the "American dream". I believe in the US Constitution and The New Colossus

 *Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,*  
*With conquering limbs astride from land to land;*  
*Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand*  
*A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame*  
*Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name*  
*MOTHER OF EXILES. From her beacon-hand*  
*Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command*  
*The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.*  


*"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she*  
*With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,*  
*Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,*  
*The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.*  
*Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,*  
*I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"*
My gym has a bunch of TVs and usually one of them has Fox News on it.  I saw they were running a story of the NHS not paying for a certain medication, and presumably they were using it as an example of how terrible socialized medicine is.  I wanted to ask what the hell medications most US insurances do cover.  When a doctor writes me a prescription, I'm always a bit worried what the price is going to be.  Most of the time it's $10 thanks to my insurance, but once in awhile I'll be told it's $150 and that there's no generics offered.  And this is for basic shit, not some rare disease.  My mother-in-law has MS and some of her medications are over $1k/month.
Oh, you mean where they were protesting outside a children's hospital and blocking ambulances, putting care at risk for seriously sick kids who weren't braindead?

When they were hurling insults and threats at the parents of seriously ill children on their way to and from the hospital?
Maybe this isn't a universal truth in this case, but I gotta wonder about something.

In general it seems Methodist and Catholic churches, among others have opposed family separation.  From what I understand Methodists have a big emphasis on doing good works and Catholics talk a lot about issues of poverty and peace.

Where I don't see as much opposition to the separations is in mostly-white Baptist churches, non-denominational prosperity gospel type places, and other churches with lots of white Evangelical protestants.
🎵*Nazis in the evening*🎵

🎵*Nazis at supper time*🎵

🎵*when Nazi's imprisoning brown kids, you can have fascism any time*🎵
Chunk of the country eats this shit up. Makes them feel special for being born a white American. 

As an American it's their right to say whatever the hell they want and fuck anyone who is offended. Thoughts and prayers for the kiddos but I need mah bump stocks in case there's a "dictator in power" (another civil war) 

I'm just salty ranting, I won't hide it. But that's why this network exists and does so well. It helps the insecure feel like they are right and good, for being shitty.
Or is  brown, poor, or democratic.
This needs to be printed up and posted on every telephone pole and billboard in the US.
We're showing the world our true face
"America is not a young land: it is old and dirty and evil. Before the settlers, before the Indians... the evil was there... waiting."
Maybe we shouldn't be drawing red lines in other peoples sands if we don't know which side to stand on first.
>Step 2: who really thinks these Illegals are really people after all? Human rights are only for us real Americans. /s


FTFY

Step 2: who really thinks these Illegals are really people after all? Human rights are only for us real ~~Americans~~ Republicans. /s
I’m starting to believe 1/3 of humans are born without the capacity for empathy.
I fucking hate the Fox News "people say" line.  They've used it for years, and Trump has been using it to great effect himself.  And nobody challenges them to show us who these "people" are.

Like, I'll readily believe 100% some of the shit that Fox says "people" say if they could just produce a couple folks actually saying it.
"All animals are equal. But some animals are more equal than others"

- Animal Farm, George Orwell
> We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.*

They said before going home to their slaves.
Republican response: "The Declaration of Independence isn't a legally binding document."

Right, right. I guess all it really does is define us as a people and what we claim to believe in, but hey, fuck that noise.
http://genocidewatch.net/genocide-2/8-stages-of-genocide/
They never cared
Gassing children and holding them in a room until a relative can come pick them up are just *slightly* different scenarios.
are they from texas or idaho? no? well there's you're answer /s
My MIL responded to a comment I made similar to this with “but you’re ok with ripping babies from a womb and killing them?”  I couldn’t even respond.
The complete lack of dignity shown to other people...
Unless you are discussing global warming.  In that setting, they will argue that the _only_ way to address the problem is population control.  
(Not fuel efficient cars, not solar panels...not a single other option is viable according to them.)
More like 4 years
A bunch of white people aren’t all bad, sorry you think that way

But these demonic spawns are. They only care for themselves and hate anyone who’s not white
>Fuck those mutherfuckers!  
  
  
-Jesus
Ah, like when they wanted the Eastern European to stop coming over as much as the Western Europeans in the early 20th century. Because "THEY TERK ER JERBS!" 
How does this type of racist policy get passed? It makes me sick.
This is a REAL hard one for many Xtians.
People aren't actions people can't be illegal. They can be undocumented immigrants or refugees but they can't be illegal immigrants.
That’s fine, the 1st amendment protects that.  But don’t you dare kneel while doing it!  /s
Unless they are in a woman’s womb. Once they are out they can fuck right off, sink or swim baby.
They hang upside from the ceiling, probably.
But Hillary's emails, Obama's brown suit and the Democrats...... lets now add, they're not my kids so why should i give a fuck.
Get people to stop advertising on fox channels.  
No money no network.
So descendants of Spaniards are brown now? They conquered the Natives raped and committed genocide and now they're brown because they're losers. They are white worthless Europeans never forget that!
> In America you debate the legality of immigrants and separate children from parents.

Is that not really what scares the GOP...they see these immigrants multiplying like weeds?
But they have money.  So they're better than you.  And as a result, your words don't matter.
Hemophiliacs I recon.
Is it any wonder why these guys call the parents of those kids human trafficers?  Think about it.  Put your mind in the gutter and really think about it.
I say we waterboard Rupert Murdoch to find out for sure.  Of course he'll lie but that's not the point, is it?  

No...it never was.
We might have did them kids some good if Trump hadn't warned Putin.
Good thing the us left the un human rights then
Is it? I never watched this show and he seemed at the very least authentic. Barely have an opinion since it's the only thing I've seen of him but hey at least he was sane at this very instance. You don't normally get even that these days on Fox.
These people aren't Christian.
It seems like that shouldn't have to be said.
Most of them are white (for now) so they are ok.   /s
There are many Americans who literally keep foxnews on in the background all day. It is presented as news and people think they are watching real news. 

I don't know who writes it but I'm sure they are affiliated with groups like Cambridge Analytica and funded by corporate interest groups.
At least small rocks can skip across water. Small rocks are going places at least...
Him stealing liberal memes is scary? He's a moron. He got his ass kicked in the media this week.
In a way that's what they are already saying. Basically saying since they aren't Americans they deserve anything that's coming to them.
Past outrages aren't an excuse for Trump's child abuse.

It's telling that you'd rather focus on things you can't change than focus on child abuse we have the ability to stop. I wonder why that is.
Read some comments on a local news station's FB.  Theres people literally calling for the US government to put snipers on the border and start shooting *into* Mexico.
[deleted]
If only we can get a decent candidate to support. I'm not going to sell myself out and vote for candidates that support major issues I disagree with which unfortunately as a right leaning moderate ends up being both candidates that actually have a chance of winning.
This wouldn’t be happening if both sides where not complicit. 

The two party sytem is failure. The two party sytem is leading to fascism.
I don't think those​ are mutually exclusive. You can be tough on borders with out resorting to inhumane acts. What do I know though, I thought Obama was doing a good job with border security.
It was kind of funny watching him do his verbal gymnastics trying to not make it sound so...racist.
It was Kilmeade that said it, not Doocy.
The Trump Republicans won't be happy until the Mexican border is like the Gaza Strip.
We need to shut it down.
You're too kind.
You’d just create a whole generation of incels. Which I think is just as bad.
The way I see it, we're all Americans, they're just fuckin up. We will drag them kicking and screaming into the future. 

I do find myself increasingly identifying as a Californian lately though.
https://youtu.be/XdMSJVoxYlo
Canadian here. Looks to me like Trump will get a 2nd term. Nixon got re-elected n a landslide halfway through Watergate, and there was no Fox back then. GWB got re-elected, and now you cannot find a single person willing to admit that they voted for him. But they did, twice.

Watch the Dems get fooled into attacking each other again with some clever GRU propaganda while the GOP steamrolls the place.
Universal Declaration of Human Rights - 1948:  Signed by everyone but Soviet block nations, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.  


Article 1: All  human  beings  are  born  free  and equal  in  dignity  and  rights.  They  are  endowed  with  reason  and  conscience and should act towards one another in a 
spirit of brotherhood.


Article 5: No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel,  inhuman  or  degrading  treatment or punishment. 

Article 7: All  are  equal  before  the  law  and  are entitled without any discrimination to  equal  protection  of  the  law.  All  are entitled   to   equal   protection   against  any  discrimination  in  violation  of  this Declaration and against any incitement to such discrimination.


Article 14: (1)  Everyone  has  the  right  to  seek  and  to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
Oh you’re right but you’re ignoring the next words out of his mouth following that. The full quote you’re looking for is:

“Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas. These are people from another country.”
No, he didn't fucking say that. Not literally or in any other way. You can't combine sentences and change the punctuation in them and then put quotation marks around your invention while criticizing someone for taking something out of context. Nice try though. The ACTUAL QUOTE WAS:

>“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”
Wow is that how warped your sense of reality is?
Do you realize we can both have strong immigration policy *and* treat the immigrants we deport as human beings? It is not "Strip children from their parents and put them in concentration camps" or "Wide open borders and no immigration enforcement." There are plenty of options between those two extremes.
Over what? Because they want to come with their families to steal the cleaning jobs you want or the rubbish collection job you had your eye on?

You're being duped over a nonissue. Why do you suddenly care so much about immigration that you're willing to abuse kids over it?

"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me.
I lift my lamp beside the golden door."
Yeah those lazy pilgrims should have stayed in England and fixed their own country.
>It's true though. Are we supposed to take in every kid from every country because their own government doesn't give a shit about their people? 

Yes, it's called asylum and it's part of international standards. You'd be thankful had you not won a random lottery and been born here without any effort or choice on your part, you're lucky, that's the only difference, sheer luck. 

Their governments are overrun with drug cartels who make a killing off  of the black market created by American and American enforced drug policy. 
Or sabotaged by the world bank and imf for not choosing the preferred economic system.

>At some point the problem has to be solved in their own country.

At some point you have to realize that playing an endless game of whack-a-mole is idiotic and that it's in our interest to pursue the roots of the problem ourselves. 

That's the smart, humane thing to

 little starter hint: marijuana legalization in just a few States has cut border violence by 16% and smuggling by 33%, cutting cartel profits by millions.. That's a start.
That doesn’t excuse Trump’s child abuse.
Yes
Are you a Christian?
So you're 100% good with putting children in cages?
Yes.
A ton of the problems in central America are a direct result of American actions over the last 100 years. We literally created the mess that is central America, and the reasons so many people are leaving. Look at any number of civil wars in central and south America where we decided a dictator was most stable for our interests at the time than a democratically elected leader with his own country's best interest in mind.
Ok, so what's your solution on the Real problem🤔😑
Lol, you do realize that there are legit asylum seekers going to the port of entry are being separated from their kids and are locked up.
Keep moving that goalpost.
They're not all Mexican, you know.
Or maybe their focusing on changing what they actually have some power to change. How do you propose US citizens solve Mexico’s drug cartel problem?
The cartels survive because banks allow them to do business in the USA.

And the US government refuses to prosecute them. So yes, Mexico absolutely has a role to play here but they aren't alone.

[The government let them off the hook 6 months ago. ](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/12/11/business/dealbook/hsbc-us-charges.html)

The US government fully supports the cartels, don't fool yourself. Remember that next time you think of your buddy or family member that died of an OD.
noone
Mexico isnt a shit hole so these people seeking asylum should be doing it in Mexico. If you arent satisfied with the first safe asylum you find, then you can apply for a green card like anyone else would have to to be granted the priviledge of living in a country that you are not a citizen of.
Oh look here's this old and often-debunked right-wing talking point again.

This is also happening to LEGAL MIGRANTS. And this isn't about the immigrants, it's about Fox's appalling attempt to dehumanise these perfectly normal people.
Sorry buddy they aint all illegal.  
  
And yes any person forcibly separated from a family member in this circumstance is a victim
The gall of these people caring about people in distress.
Well duh.
> defend illegal immigrants by victimizing them

what
So kids in concentration camps aren’t victims? I’m failing to see your “point”
They are not all illegal you know.
No empathy at all? The least we can do is prosecute without separating families. These are humans too just like your family
Ooooh kay let's tone it down a bit?
Then why are we taking them and shipping them all over the country without any intention of returning them? They're either going to be quietly granted citizenship or murdered. Our responsibility either way.
That isn't an excuse for child abuse either.
Just like Jesus said in Matthew, if I'm not mistaken.
Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door
Children are everyone's responsibility. If you knew an American child was being abused, would you report it, or say "not my kid so not my problem"? 

They're children. They're innocent. They're defenseless. We should always strive to help children - no matter whose.
If you kidnap a kid, they’re your fucking responsibility.
Sounds about right, fuck em.  Now, how can we justify getting rid of some of the darker US citizens?
The behavior of our government is our responsibility.
They have constitutional rights so in a major way, they are our responsibility.
Believe it or not, we live in a closed system here on Earth. At some point we are going to have to start caring about each other in a global sense.
These are legal asylum seekers though
They are fleeing cartels and gang violence to seek asylum legally. Not crossing the border
>Dont try to come in illegally or you'll be in for a bad day.  

Yeah...why stop with their kids?  Maybe we should castrate them!  That'll show em how we treat misdemeanors in this country!
This is legal asylum seeking not illegal border crossing
It's not a criminal law. Its a civil law. This is the same thing as taking away one's child for illegal parking.
Be honest. This is all about racism and using brown people as scapegoats
>they are children whose parents chose to break the law

Take children away from parents before they have been convicted of crimes...got it.  Sounds like we should have Child Services riding along with police...there are going to be a lot of kids taken away.
Ah yes, keep the burden to the state light by paying Concentration Camp, Inc. $800 daily per kid to punish them for something their parents likely made them do, something that is a misdemeanor on the part of the parent.

While we're at it, why not institute a policy of hitting the kids with a Mozambique Drill right in front of their parents; that'll discourage them for sure!
They are undergoing very inhumane treatment at our hands. The excuse they are giving is "well they aren't OURS so we can treat them however we want". Implying that the only people we should treat as humans are Americans.
again and again we have to remind you that they are seeking asylum legally. in other words, they aren't doing anything illegal
our government isn't lined up offering aide and welfare to us and we live here.
I saw a dog on the Mexican border last week offering tongue baths to some of the ICE agents. I think the feeling is mutual.
So you are saying our government should be more like Mexico's?
Agreed! I still think the US should have stayed out of WW2. Who gives a crap about UK and French men, women, and children dying to the hands of evil? They aren't even American to begin with. We should never help anybody personally without it directly improving my life. Come to think of it, what state are you from? I don't care to talk to people who aren't from Maryland, are male, and weigh precisely 155 lbs. If you aren't exactly me, then fuck off.

Yesterday I stubbed my toe but somehow these greedy Mexican kids get free shelter and water? Not in my fucking hell hole of a country. If I can't go five minutes without thinking about butt chugging an ice cold corona, then nobody deserves a sliver of humanity. It's a disgrace how some people out there in the world just care about others. Like, just give it a damn rest for once and let people suffer and die. It's the circle of life, am I right?
I know - let's only work on one problem at a time - that's how things get's done...
Nice try, but you are incorrect. By saying “these aren’t our kids” Kilmeade is saying the outrage over the internment and abuse of these children is unworthy. Someone recognizing that and articulating that it is dehumanizing isnt contempt, it’s a correct analysis.

Im not sure if you actually believe what you wrote, but claiming the author is saying its dehumanizing to be non-American is factually wrong.
Ah yes, who cares about these kids,  they aren’t American. Lock em up in cages!

Edit: Autocorrect lul
How is a news source reporting on what an anchor said word for word biased? Instead of addressing what the Fox & Friends anchor said, as emphasized in the article, you attack the source.
Nah man. Most of the world is anti-trump because it's the dumbest administration you've had in a while. No one takes the US seriously anymore.
Ignorant?  Really?  How could any thinking person NOT be anti-trump?
You guys cry a lot.
"This person said X, and we have a recording of them doing it."

"BIASED ARTICLE, FAKE NEWS, LUGENPRESSE!"
>"...ignorant as hell."    
    
Oh dear God, the irony.
How is it biased when they’re directly quoting someone? You’re showing your ignorance by assuming this is biased rather that going to the actual source and seeing it for yourself.
The thing that is bothering me about all this outrageis that people seem to be just fine with the government separating families within our own country. I quit being a foster parent because I never once agreed that the kids I saw should have been removed from their families. We are so quick to take kids away from poor white people, especially when they are young, cute and oh, so, adoptable. We are quick to toss parents into prisons and I can't think of any other crime in this country  where having a child gives you the right to break a law. Trump will win again as long as Democrats continue to support policies and people who have no respect at all for the poorly paid working class people who were born here.
What about the ones that are actually their parents? Convenient to leave that out.
It's better for 100 guilty men to go free than 1 innocent man to be falsely imprisoned
Do you really think that's what anyone is really saying? Let's not even get into fact that YOU are over reacting to what you are falsely claiming to be an over reaction. Plus you are the one with the crazy fear mongering theory.
> Should we just allow anyone to come over who has a child? Even if they are criminals, just because they have a kid in their hands? 

who is fear mongering? they are fleeing violence and poor economic conditions, while you yourself are fear mongering these people. Open your eyes to the hippocrisy in your thought and speak.
If that is your honest opinion then you should work to get the asylum laws changed. Until we do, WE are there ones breaking the law, not those fleeing violence.
1) "Who gives a shit about illegal immigrants?". Well those with sympathy to the situation that these people are in, as many are asylum seekers and attempting to escape horrible environments. 

2) "has a hard on for these criminals". Labeling them as "criminals" is a good tactic to smear them, but criminals in this country still have rights. Those rights are unalienable and apply to anyone on US soil, regardless of how they got here. 

3) "o they can get out of the responsibilities of being an official citizen". The opposite is statistically shown to be true. Many of these immigrants come here, pay taxes, get jobs and contribute to society. A small percentage become criminals, as any percentage of any group (including US Citizens) do, and then this segment is used to represent the majority who are not violent. 

4) "Why are we treating this like these are war torn refugees who will be killed if they leave the country". Many of them will absolutely die if turned away. It has already happened. 

5) "They are criminals, simple as that yet everyone defends them as if they're in the right". Just because they are criminals doesn't mean we need to treat them in horrible ways. It's funny how much people protect white collar criminals who negatively effect millions, but asylum seekers are hated with a passion.
> Who gives a shit about illegal immigrants?

I believe all humans have inherent value, and deserve fair, humane treatment.
Name the countries you are talking about?

> Why are we treating this like these are war torn refugees who will be killed if they leave the country.  

Because they will be
A criminal act does should not be solved by another criminal act. Yes, children get separated if the person they are with is a suspected criminal or accessory to human trafficking. They get separated if the parent is doing drugs. Kids also get held in detention centers if they arrive alone. They get fed, somewhat stingy medical care and a foil blanket. All this is not really the problem. This is also part of the confusion out there and why people such as yourself are perplexed. You don't understand the new policy changes and how they are immigrants are being handled.

What we're doing since April is treating everyone as criminals, including many seeking asylum. We're snatching their kids, hauling them off to secret places around the country and have no means to get them returned to their parents. Some kids are so young they can't even talk. Some are getting sexually abused, having psychotropic drugs injected in them and lost in the system. Then on top of that, they have to legally defend themselves because Trump stripped away the money for attorneys. Some lawyers have sat to witness children having to plead with judges. These kids sit in chairs and their feet don't even touch the ground.

In short....we're adding to their suffering needlessly.  Suffering that will follow them for the rest of their lives.
>Who gives a shit about illegal immigrants?

This sort of language is a transparent attempt to make immigrants "Other Than."

It's a transparent attempt to dehumanize people so you can absolve yourself of the responsibility to empathize with HUMAN FUCKING BEINGS.
Every single illegal immigrant would do it legally if they could (except maybe gang members) if we made it possible for most of these refugees to go through a process, they would do it, but it's literally impossible for most refugees.
You may want to also look at one of our first written laws. The Declaration Of Independence which states.... " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,  that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights,  that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  —  That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men,  deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,  — That  whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is  the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new  Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its  powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their  Safety and Happiness."
Once again, in response to this tired and repeatedly debunked rightist talking point:


This is happening to *perfectly legal asylum seekers too*.

And by the way this article is NOT about the migrants but about Fox's appalling attempt to dehumanise these real human beings.

Now 'who gives a shit about immigrants' huh?


America is built on immigration.

Suddenly hating immigrants become some rich fat old billionaire tells you to is fucking *ludicrously* un-American.
They are criminals if you apply those terms to misdemeanors. 

More than that, they are human beings. They just happened to be born on the other side of a line. 

Further, all Americans of any heritage other than indigenous were once immigrants. And if their ancestors came over before the 1920s, all they were required to do was step off a boat and supply their names.
> Who gives a shit about ~~illegal immigrants?~~ human beings.  FTFY
> Any other country that talked about this no one even blinks an eye

Where are you getting this information?
many of these people are seeking asylum legally. LEGALLY. stop lying
You and everyone like you who thinks that parents crossing the border means their children should be punished or absolves us for punishing them are racist pieces of garbage who don’t deserve to live in this country. 

You are the descendent of immigrants, and you lack the self-awareness to feel embarrassed for demonizing immigrants.
Once again, in response to this tired and repeatedly debunked rightist talking point:


This is happening to *perfectly legal asylum seekers too*.

And by the way this article is NOT about the migrants but about Fox's appalling attempt to dehumanise these real human beings.
Ah yes, the sins of the father.  Donald Trump's kids probably won't like that idea.
> Don't break the law, then bad things won't happen to your family.

Ah yes...the mafia style justice system.  My neighbor was shooting his gun in the air the other night...when do we get to confiscate his baby?
They’re already fleeing bad things happening to their families.
So, 100% you think putting children in cages is a good thing?
Youre a disgusting garbage human
Unfortunately yes, FauxFox is totally allowed to spread their lies & misinformation.
Since Repubicans love to claim and advertise  less government.

Then let's apply that logic here. Let's remove government intervening in immigration. The markets will sort it out themselves. Right?
When you have no emotion (like compassion and empathy) especially for the most vulnerable members of society, then you've lost.  Your humanity.
They're seeking asylum, which they can only do at the border or within the US.

They're running away from gang violence caused by drug gangs in their home countries. Do you know why those gangs have so much power? Because *we* buy their drugs.
That is not at all what's being debated.

Do we or do we not have enough compassion not to treat children like hostages? That is the question being discussed. These people say no, because they're "not our kids".
Yes how dare people demand to be treated like human beings how selfish of them
Please tell us more about how immigrants are entitled, descendant of immigrants who believes you should be able to look down your nose at immigrants.
Relevant username
If you want to spend a few weeks in a cage, your welcome to break a numerous amount of laws.  Cause that's what both legal and illegal immigrants are experiencing now.
What?! We’re building a SPACEFORCE! And subsidizing Trump’s golf outings! And his NY condo! And Scott Pruitt!
I thought we had our strongest economy of all time under trump?
Our .1% seems to be doing rather well.  Maybe they struggle in different ways.
Right? You break the law, you receive a just punishment. I don't get why they expect us to help them just because their country is trying to murder them. We all got problems and you don't see me complaining! Just last week I walked up to a burrito truck and the damn cashier refused to take my order in english. I kept asking for a sugar stick and the fucker had to nerve to keep saying "Churro, churro?" over and over. I don't speak Spanish man, if you're in my country, you speak my language. If I have to suffer during my 2pm lunch break, then the hell with these detained kids. Let them rot. Once I get my own life sorted out, save some money in the bank, post bail for my dad and 2 uncles, start a family, divorce my wife, apply for alimony, and get a sugar stick, then maybe I'll consider helping these kids. Maybe.
How are we struggling?
With this comment you just demonstrated your lack of both American values and human values. These beliefs make the world and America a worse place
Actually, according to the Constitution, America owes everyone within its borders the same rights.
How about we don't throw the fucking kids in prison for a minor administrative offense
OK George Wallace. "The law says that black people can't go to the University of Alabama. Don't break the law and you won't get sprayed with this fire hose. Regardless of your race."
Seeking asylum is not illegal.
>Give it time. Gay marriage legalization in America has opened the door. Next will be polygamy, kids, animals, incest, and so on.

You seem like a really caring, empathetic person.
Your criminal party should stop breaking the law and comply with the 14th amendment.
Concentration camps were legal. Does that make the Holocaust okay? By underestimating the strength of this nation, you are actively making this country worse. This is the most powerful nation on earth. 

We don't owe them a welcome in open arms. But if we punish their children to teach them a lesson, how are we better than those "shit hole countries"? 

We are America. We should be better. We can afford to secure our borders humanely.
Once again, in response to this tired and repeatedly debunked rightist talking point:


This is happening to *perfectly legal asylum seekers too*.

And by the way this article is NOT about the migrants but about Fox's appalling attempt to dehumanise these real human beings.
You’re right.  And the “fine people” of Alabama aren’t from my state and it’s high goddamn time you stop leeching tax dollars off the educated, industrious, employed, elites from Massachusetts.  Just because we have better jobs with higher wages doesn’t mean we should have to foot the bill for every diabetic alcoholic and unemployed bumpkin from Bama.  We need to cut off all Blue state funded, federal aid to your state and you can find a way to support yourselves using your own tax dollars.  

Our handouts have made your people complacent.  Your state is so used to feeding yourselves with my money that your residents are no longer motivated to get a job and feed themselves.  I have a family of my own to feed, take care of yourselves.
They aren't Americans? That's cute. They are exactly as American as you are. Words have meaning. And the US owes a lot to those people. You've been fucking up their countries for decades.
 Agreed! I still think the US should have stayed out of WW2. Who gives a crap about UK and French men, women, and children dying to the hands of evil? They aren't even American to begin with. We should never help anybody personally without it directly improving my life. Come to think of it, what state are you from? I don't care to talk to people who aren't from Maryland, are male, and weigh precisely 155 lbs. If you aren't exactly me, then fuck off.

Yesterday I stubbed my toe but somehow these greedy Mexican kids get free shelter and water? Not in my fucking hell hole of a country. If I can't go five minutes without thinking about butt chugging an ice cold corona, then nobody deserves a sliver of humanity. It's disgrace how some people out there in the world just care about others. Like, just give it a damn rest for once and let people suffer and die. It's the circle of life.
I agree - who gives a fuck about these people - stop coming here, and your family can stay together forever!  Why are illegal immigrants getting better treatment than Americans?  Pretty sure if I go to jail I don't get to go to jail with my kids.  It's absurd, but then again, so are brainless liberals.
You misunderstand; the problem is not in pointing out the nationality of the parents (even if that is weird af), it is that the nationality of the parents is presented as a reason why it's okay to send them to concentration camps.

What a depraved outlook!

What is the limit of this attitude? Really, the only kids who are yours are the ones who you are the personal parent of. So, what, "little Emily up the street isn't *my* kid, so I see no problem with hunting her for sport?"
While I understand your stance and I agree that was horrible and everyone should have stood up against it because Obama did that does not excuse this the two arent mutually linked you can call people hypocrites but at the end of the day this is happening now its wrong and it has to have attention brought to it
An abortion means there is no kid that has to live with the pain of having their parents ripped apart from them or having to live with a shitty family.  Seems logical to me.
I'm amazed that anyone thinks that they can spout some weakass false dichotomy that's more than half a lie and expect anything but mockery.
I'm amazed at Republicans who have been saying children deserve a mother and father for the last 20 years justify breaking apart families. How's that work?
Don't feed it.
Usually with a vacuum cleaner. Next time use google instead of clogging up this thread with your nonsense.
and I am amazed that you were able to pop your head out of the video game subs and head down to your mom's basement to write this comment on her pac-bell
You.. uh.. You know America had the same law right? It was very common during the American Indian Wars of the 1800s..

Actually, your whole fucking argument is insane. Yes, the Spanish conquest of Central and South America was horrific, and resulted in the deaths of millions of indigenous people.

THE SAME THING HAPPENED IN NORTH AMERICA! France and England, and later The United States and Canada all contributed to what amounts to genocide in North America. Estimates place indigenous populations in North America at 112 million prior to 1492. By the 1880's this population had decreased by more than 90%.
You intentionally don't see it, so it must not be happening. Sure thing.
Dude, that quote is nearly a decade old. The quote nearly predates the first fucking iphone.

How much has the world changed in 10 years? So Chuck Schumer was hardline on immigration 10 fucking years ago.. The GOP was the party of family values once upon a fucking time too..
Why is it wrong? Just because a law says its wrong.

If we simply changed the laws to make it extremely easy to immigrate, would that be okay?

That's a solution, just don't make it illegal and it won't be illegal anymore.
Maybe, just maybe, all of these people would use the legal process if that side of things was up to par! Maybe they aren't inherently criminals but desperate people wanting their children to have a better life than they did. Maybe we should change how people can get in here!

No, nevermind, they must be despicable people or crisis actors trying to take a piece of my pie.
By making these statements they are attempting to minimize or devalue the compassionate response people are having to these children who are being, for all intents and purposes, abused. This is essentially dehumanizing their plight so that the viewers feel less compassionate. Less compassion, less fight for corrective measure. 

By making these statements they are attempting to return the children and immigrants to just statistics and numbers, which is exactly the same as dehumanizing. 

I think this word is appropriate in the hyperbole and the literal.
So is everyone who lives in the US that are not Native Americans.
It amazes me how nobody acknowledges the fact that if we no longer make it illegal, these parents wouldn't be breaking the law.
> Unless your a racist and think Mexicans can't take care of their citizens.

What a fucking dumb attempt at an argument.
"you're" as in "you are", as opposed to your which according to the dictionary means: 1. Belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
"what is your name?"
2.
belonging to or associated with any person in general.
"the sight is enough to break your heart"
What crime did any of those children commit?

Hint: Crossing the border isn't a crime, it's a civil infraction.  Like a speeding ticket.
You don’t consider those who broke the law human?
So you're advocating for child abuse?
Why not shoot them out right? I imagine someone could devise a legal reason to consider border crossing as an act of war
And here it is. The emotions Hitler rode all the way to Auschwitz.
It didn’t matter for 4 year old Syrian refugees, it won’t matter for 4 year old Nicaraguan asylum seekers.
Trump actually said this at one of his roundtable orgies yesterday:

To paraphrase, “of the 12,000 children...I don’t know how old but they’re kids...10,000 of them were traveling with traffickers and...coyotes.”

I’ll try to find a clip to confirm, but I remember catching it on CNN.
It doesn't even matter.  There is no excuse.
Yeah, can't have anyone coming from Mexico with *marijuana* or even *heroin*

*pops another Perc 30/washes it down with whiskey*
I’d assume probably a large amount.
If any good is to come from the child separation debacle, I think it has brought the humanity of immigration to the forefront.  It's easy to talk about policy concerns in connection immigration as a concept without ever having to exercise empathy or put a human face to things.

I consider myself to be a moderate on the issue of immigration, and I am not afraid to admit that child separation has raise my empathy to a new level to the plight of immigrants as a whole.  My hope is the administration that follows finds a responsible way to help those just seeking a better life for themselves and their kids.
I mean, if Cult 45 knew the U.S. had one of the strictest and time-consuming immigration procedures in the world, it'd be harder to push the fear-of-outsiders narrative on them
Concur.  But yea, the old system in theory would have caught drugs on those they managed to screen.

Everyone should have a racist grandparent, because it helps you understand the current administration and those that support it.  My wife's grandma was certain that the roofers working across the street were MS-13 because they had tattoos.  It just gives a paper-thin veil for being scared/angry at those who don't look like you.
Shhh....don't give Trump the idea to start telling his followers that immigrants carry diseases.
There is absolutely no shortage of drugs in this country, but let's make sure the kids aren't carrying dime bags in their pockets.
Even I think Pennywise would draw the line.  

"Hey guys, I'm evil and shit, but com'on....at least throw me down a rich one and give this poor child a chance.  Here....here's $20 to help you get started. "
More likely, "my taxes paid for that street, why should that nasty little free-loading animal be allowed to use it to annoy me."
Reddit please stop!

How can you make me laugh so hard when just five minutes ago I was reflective and sad?

That's the real blackmagicfuckery.
Just make sure they're an immigrant first and you're all good.
Put them in trumps swamp
I mean it’s not my kid what do I care ^^/s
...[child gives you their papers](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/b/crayon-house-12746038.jpg)
The fucked up part is that that statement is actually still too broad. They don't care if the child is American, they only care if the child is their own or if it's still inside a womb.
Beat your wife but show compassion, only use a cane thinner than your thumb.
I've never framed it that way to myself, but that's really what it's all about isn't it?
Aborted fetuses are crisis actors.
'the wages of sin is death':Sin should have consequences and these people are gonna make them happen.
i can't believe i never realized that's what it is *actually* about.
Or if it sorta goes against what their religion indoctrinated them with they say, "nuh uh" because they said so.
What is this, the middle east?
That's not what it is at all. A fetus has moral value denoted at conception.
And then, some of them anyway, post on Facebook trying to criticize anyone on the left.  Why?  We'll apparently anyone who is pro-choice is hypocritical for caring about family separation since we don't care about all the millions of kids in the "genocide" that's occurred since Roe v. Wade's ruling.
I like "Pro-Suffering".
More like anti-premarital sex. Especially regarding women.
I’m a liberal atheist, but the Catholic Church, being one of the most staunch opponents of abortion, is also by far one of the largest providers of orphanages and social services in the US.

Numerous other churches besides the Catcholic church also provides social services and if anyone fell on hard times and needed help, the church is a great place to go.

I get what you’re saying is a good soundbite, but there are a lot of pro-life conservatives in the US, not just “pro-birth”.
Not true. Once you turn18 you can vote and serve the military. Then they care about you again! Plus you can work in their factories.
They're not pro-life, they're not pro-birth, they're anti-woman.
And they love going to war (military or trade) against all who oppose them.
To what end, is my question. Just crunching the numbers, before the right wing started going crazy over immigration as an issue, Hispanic voters were SOLIDLY Republican and heavily religious. Abortion is a solid wedge issue not just to evangelicals, but Catholics too. They broke for Bush by nearly 10% on both occasions! Logically you'd think that's a good voting base to shore up for future elections, instead of the rapidly declining birth rates of white voters of a certain income.

Demographic Transition model is a bitch, eh?
Do they not know that black women abort more than any other race?
No it’s literally all about the fetus. Murder shouldn’t be legal.
Because there was a time when a Trump Administration official wouldn't let a detained South American woman have access to an abortion while in custody and a court decided that she still had the right and she was able to obtain one last minute. It's a question of why it's not acceptable for women in her situation to have an abortion but then it is acceptable for the administration to treat these babies like actual garbage.
It's abstract reasoning. If they care about these kids, but not those kids then it begs the question why. What is the difference between the two? Are all kids not created equal?
Well, progress is a Bad Thing^tm .
I wouldn’t say zero progress. I think it’s gone backwards in a way that fringe politics is getting mainstream. It’s non an “antisemitism america first group” anymore, it’s actually the republican party
At least before America first advocated for not joining a world war. Which would directly kill hundreds of thousands of Americans. It was the right thing to do but people who wanted to put America first and not join a war actually have a solid argument. 

Which makes sense because 20 years earlier America join WW1 and lost 200k people in less than a year of fighting. 

Now they are literally themselves the people killing the foreigners. Really no justification for how that helps America in any way.
This isn't special to America and is in fact the every essence of the right - to not progress.
"Progress doesn't even sound like an American word to me."
but you know they herald "the regressive left" .. if we regressed past the right wing ideologies we would go back to colonial times lol
Oh, there's been plenty of progress. It's just been lost again.
Conservatives' dumbass arguments never change or develop because dumbass conservatives never change or develop.
Oh they have, it's just the rest of humanity calls it regression.
They got Trump elected, that is enormous progress in their minds.  The progress was definitely not on the front of humanity, however.
I wouldn’t say we’ve made zero progress. The Overton window has shifted since then, certainly. We are just flirting with the lowest extent of that window, but at least the lowest bar is higher than it was.
depends on your definition of progress
Negative
Now now.  Interracial marriage is ok if it’s with a light skinned race like the Jews. As long as they convert.  

And we shouldn’t kill the gays, just stop them from adopting kids and having families so it doesn’t spread. 

Plus beating your wife with a stick is obviously barbaric. If you need to discipline her there are civilized ways to do that.  Like cutting her allowance.
Screw 2 californias.... we need 2 countries.

We get the cities and economic centers, they get sheep
They made progress... and then completely regressed on it. The Democrats have lots of flaws, but I wouldn't be surprised if in large part they are held back by (1) having to constantly battle and undo GOP bullshit and (2) trying to appeal somewhat to those who are liable to vote for people like Trump (which means the opposite of progress).

I'm curious what an America without a GOP in the past half century would look like.
["He'll save children but not the British children."](https://youtu.be/l7iVsdRbhnc)
One could say Dr. Seuss's point really embiggens the picture here.
>cromulent 

I did not have to google that word, in case you were wondering
Truly embiggined if you ask me.
Well what do you think happens when ICE comes for their parents who aren't legal citizens, but leaves the kids who *are* legal due to being born here?
I've had the same sinking feeling. That environment is ripe for exploitation by dangerous people. With the amount of whistleblowers we've seen, I'm tentatively relieved that we haven't heard anything yet.

But I won't allow myself to feel comfortable until those kids are safe with their parents.
Lol what? Are you for real?
I won't go to him for marriage or cold -rearing advice. 

But that doesn't undermine the impact of this cartoon.
Your explanation doesn't really change the comic or the message at all.  America First was non-interventionist until it directly effected Americans (i.e., Pearl Harbor).  The point of the comic is that AF continued their non-interventionist position despite knowing the atrocities that Hitler was committing, including killing children.  A similar attitude is shown today by those that support Trump and his camps, because they are just foreign children so they have no empathy for them. 

> not blatant anti-semitism

> the comic aren't referring to Jews (necessarily)

> You might as well have called them Nazis

You seem to be projecting something with all this.  The comic says nothing about Jews, and the heritage of the children killed by Hitler is kinda irrelevant (and that irrelevance is kinda the point).
I wish that'd gained more traction. That's the kind of bitter, to-the-point talk I want more of from the left.
That's more or less what it comes down to though. The vast majority of Republican policies aren't designed for the greater good, they're designed so a small group of people feel comfortable at other people's expense. Liberal policies are usually designed to help the greatest number of people possible and usually don't damage other people in the process. One party does what it does to enrich the few, the other party does what it does to help people.
Great article.

It's sad that most debates I have with people come down to me trying to think of a way to explain the situation so that the other person can apply it to themselves or their own loved ones. Constantly trying to teach people how to empathize is exhausting and baffling to me, how the hell are there so many people who cannot empathize? Or even if they do understand, they would rather keep pretending they don't so they don't have to admit they are wrong. 

We literally aren't going to see change unless it's their kids that start getting put into internment camps.
Good read. It always blows me away when so-called Christians are so full of hate and judgement. Do they really think that's what Jesus would do?
Should be printed on protest signs.
They certainly have empathy, its just contained to their own tribe.
> Our disagreement is not merely political, but a fundamental divide on what it means to live in a society, how to be a good person, and why any of that matters.

That is even more true than the author realizes. The thing about conservatives is that they do care. They just care a lot less than liberals and they prioritize other values. 

The care is in there. It's just that it's several values down the list.
While I like this general tone and agree with the premise there are many (including myself) that aren’t against taxes if we didn’t feel like they were being wasted, misallocated, etc. For those of us that are expected to pay a larger % of our income and pay the overwhelming lions share of the IS tax bill o do t think it’s ridiculous to say “the government is massively wasteful and corrupt and you’re asking me to give more? How about this because we’re on the same team as I want more money for healthcare educations social services...at least pretend that you care and are willing to at least pretend to stop fraud and care about governmental waste. I can’t explain how much it would mean to people like me if more people would care about this. I’m already fine with paying more but it does piss me off when people make some anti tax people out to be heartless. Many are just sick of feeling fleeced.
Would love to see this line used as a retort on the talking head shows.
God how have I not seen that article before that is so spot on with my feelings. Its maddening trying to get people to care about people!
You can't teach sociopaths to feel empathy.
As soon as I hit that wall, I have to stop and walk away. Just like that author I have not yet figured out how to talk past the point when I realize this person just doesn't care about others. That they're being horribly selfish and willing to change the whole system for the worse to "stop foodstamp scammers" from buying high dollar steak. Jesus Christ. I'd rather 1 guy get steak and 100 families get food than change it so those 100 families have to prove their need every single week. There's no empathy. There's no putting themselves in other's shoes. And thus far there's no getting through to them.
Thanks for this.  It gets to the heart of it.

Someone told me just the other day that any argument relying on empathy is wrong, just an appeal to emotion.

That was the premise for their worldview:  That caring about others is *bad.*  WTF do you say to that?
Shouldn’t we care about all sentient beings... Not just people?
While I get the point, I think it misses the boat. Many people argue against raising the minimum wage out of concern for others, not because they don't care.

For example, "if you raise the minimum wage, unemployment will go up, and instead of earning a little, many won't earn a penny".

Is that correct? It doesn't matter. The point is they're not wrong because they don't care about others.
I don't care about other people though.
Just gave $100. Thank you for your strong message. I’ll tell more people about this here in the states.
I'll match you.
For real though, where the fuck do they pull these numbers from? It's not like I ever get surveys asking me what I think
And yet he is president bc people
need to vote
Thank you i dont have money But ill make sure ill match you in the future and also May the matrix send you good vibes.
42% of people who respond to pollsters. As we saw with the last election, we should be wary of they are reporting. 

I personally think that even with the [FiveThirtyEight’s](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/how-were-tracking-donald-trumps-approval-ratings/) analysis on this number, polls are still missing whole demographics that are too busy for polls, aren’t registered voters *yet*, can’t be reached, etc. 

My cell number is unlisted and I don’t have a home phone, I have never been polled. My wife’s grandparents have a home phone and responding to pollsters seems to me to be a hobby of theirs. That alone tells me that certain pollsters are using a go to list of people that respond to polls consistently and I think that alone introduces a bias towards the elderly who tend to be more conservative. 

I would bet there are a lot of nerdy data crunchers excited for the mid-terms just to run checks on this number though.
Narrator: *This season we've seen Trump have fun with his executive order and pardon powers. Join us next season when he discovers his veto powers!*

Seriously though, how much senate and house support should there be for a bill to override Trump's veto?
Foreign interference in the elections?
Have you seen an 11 month old? Definitely lazy. Haven't worked a day in their lives. /s
These literal children are obviously future MS-13 soldiers, can't you see it?
  “If you can convince the lowest white man he’s better than the best colored man, he won’t notice you’re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he’ll empty his pockets for you.”   President Lyndon B. Johnson 

Sadly true today as is was back in the 60's
They believe their race is intrinsically inferior, therefore the children are predestined to be lazy / gang members. This is how some people actually think.
I really just love hearijg from them about how lazy immigrants are while they themselves are fucking welfare queens

They love complaining about people being worthless and a drain on society resources? They should just go take a look at the mirror
Besides the sarcasm from other comments, I was raised by and around these type people and the belief they have is "if your parents were criminals, I can't trust you, because you will obviously become a criminal too". 

They all believe that you will almost become your parents, except sometimes. The exceptions are exclusively based on the said person's pre-existing mindset of the child, example if the person knew the child before history or child's parents where known. Then it becomes "look at how this child raised themself from what could have been, why can't the <insert racial group here> do the same?"
Racism?  Since when did hispanic become non-caucasian?
I’ve often said, if we’re not willing to give the next guy a better shake than we got, we’re going to be stuck at best in stagnation at worst a death spiral of reduced opportunities and diminished rights.
That’s catchy, maybe you should put that on an over priced jacket.
There are those who genuinely seek to Gods will in this life and there are those who wear the cloak of Christianity to cover their own dark deeds.
They are people. And children to boot. Most people have an instinct to protect kids no matter where they come from. Something you’re apparently missing unless you’re just trolling.
"If you're preborn, you're fine; if you're preschool, you're fucked."

-George Carlin
Just realized this is a tacit admission from them that fetuses aren't babies.  

Checkmate?
They don't care about the healthcare for the fetuses nor that of the fetus carriers.
They expect you to give the baby up the moment he's born if you can't support it
No, it is much simpler than that, they don't actually give a fuck.

It is all lies to mask their true desire, authoritarian governance.

The teabags want stait fascism, the religious whackos want theocracy, the bigots want national socialism ( the racist Nazi form)  and the propagandists who manipulate all of them want corporate rule.

They're all brainwashed drone cultists.
Ah, so that’s why dozens of these babies are being shipped to the adoption service in Michigan that is funded by good ol’ “Make God’s Kingdom on Earth” Dick and Betsy DeVos.
That's some fucking 1800s European colonization of Africa bullshit. Or some 1600s/1700s Manifest Destiny bullshit.
Just like how African Americans are lucky their ancestors were slaves because it means they got to be born here.
Well I mean that's what we did to Native Americans so it must be fine for these people too! /s.

I'm surprised they're not trying to label these as "boarding schools" as well.
Oh for sure. Had a guy on Facebook tell me that the camps they're in are an upgrade from the conditions they were living in before. Like yeah I guess prison is a step up from homelessness because you get fed and stay dry but these camps aren't "America," they're abandoned walmarts - is that what we want to be known for? "We've got the best Walmarts, trust me!"
Just like we did with many Native American children.
Just like they did with the tribes before.
The exact same thing was done to our Native population centuries ago.
Aren't most Hispanics Christian already?
Ah yes, the White Man’s Burden.
God forbid they get adopted by a single mother or gasp, two men!
I mean, I'm sure there's someone who actually believes this, but for the most part the whole "they're better off" thing isn't a good faith argument, it's an excuse to ignore the issue.
Isn’t this exactly what happened with the native kids in Canada in the 70s. The native kids of Canada were sent to American homes and it totally fucked up those kids
these situations don't end in adopted households. we know how these situations end. which is we should not get into them.
Forcing a child to be adopted into a family of a selected "better" demographic is the definition of genocide.
So you would discriminate against white christian americans that are the most generous and giving group of people the world has ever seen?
They use The Bible as a shield; that doesn't mean they've read it for comprehension. They go to a megachurch every Sunday so they can virtue signal with the neighbors and get told that they are good people, and maybe the Osteen-type will feed them a pasteurized version of a few scattered verses to support their worldview.
These fucking white washed tomb HACKS piss me off like nothing fucking else. They have such audacity to fly in the fucking face of their own self confessed beliefs, and they are ***exactly*** what the Bible says will be damned.

Dirty fucking hypocrites. There is a ***litany*** of Bible verses that speak ***directly*** about this kind of shit. Let's look at some.

"Pure and undefiled religion in the sight of our God and Father is this: ***to visit orphans and widows in their distress,*** and to keep oneself unstained by the world."

- James 1:25

He has told you, O man, what is good; And what does the LORD (The fancy one Jehovah, it's like the parent using your full name to let you know they're fucking serious) require of you ***but to do Justice, to love Mercy,*** And to walk humbly with your God?

- Micah 6:8


“But when the Son of Man comes in His glory and majesty and all the angels with Him, then He will sit on the throne of His glory. All the nations will be gathered before Him; and He will separate them from one another, as a shepherd separates his sheep from the goats; and He will put the sheep on His right, and the goats on His left. “Then the King will say to those on His right, ‘Come, you blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was hungry, and you gave Me something to eat; I was thirsty, and you gave Me something to drink; I was a stranger, and you invited Me in; I wasnaked, and you clothed Me; I was sick, and you visited Me; I was in prison, and you came to Me.’Then the righteous will answer Him, ‘Lord, when did we see You hungry, and feed You, or thirsty, and give You something to drink? And when did we see You as a stranger, and invite You in, or naked, and clothe You? And when did we see You sick, or in prison, and come to You?’ The King will answer and say to them, ‘I assure you and most solemnly say to you, to the extent that you did it for one of these brothers of Mine, even the least of them, you did it for Me.’ “Then He will say to those on His left, ‘

#Leave Me, you cursed ones, into the eternal fire which has been prepared for the devil and his angels; 

***for I was hungry, and you gave Me nothing to eat; I was thirsty, and you gave Me nothing to drink; I was a stranger, and you did not invite Me in; naked, and you did not clothe Me; sick, and in prison, and you did not visit Me.’*** Then they also will answer, ***‘Lord, when did we see You hungry, or thirsty, or as a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister to You?’*** Then He will reply to them, ***'I assure you and most solemnly say to you, to the extent that you did not do it for one of the least of these, you did not do it for Me.’*** Then these will go away into eternal punishment, but those who are righteous are sanding with God into eternal life.”

- Matthew 25:31-46

***“Beware of the false prophets, who come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly are ravenous wolves.*** You will know them by their fruits. Grapes are not gathered from thorn bushes nor figs from thistles, are they? So every good tree bears good fruit, but the bad tree bears bad fruit. A good tree cannot produce bad fruit, nor can a bad tree produce good fruit. Every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire. ***So then, you will know them by their fruits.*** “Not everyone who says to Me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father who is in heaven heaven will enter. ***“Many will say to Me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in Your name, and in Your name cast out demons, and in Your name perform many miracles?’*** "And then I will declare to them, 

#‘I never knew you; DEPART FROM ME, YOU WHO PRACTICE LAWLESSNESS.’

- Matthew 7:15-23
No, because they believe in a perverted Christian ideology that completely ignores the main message of Jesus.
Was going to say this exactly! About how they use that point not the point itself. I am pro abortion. 

It really shows how much ideological space there is between the two parties. That's one divide I imagine will be hard to ever truly bridge.
We can't change the past dude. Let's focus on the things we can change
American exceptionalism makes me sick.
Or also of nativism.
It's not nationalism. It's arrogance and greed.
Well said. I've traveled around parts of the world and completely agree. It gives you perspective. But in the end, it's not just our differences but our common struggles that humanize us.
I agree, and would like to add that staying in some all-inclusive resort, or being pampered at high class hotels while you are there for business is not travel.  It's important to get out of your comfort zone and be immersed in a foreign culture.
I don’t think you have to travel to gain the same perspective. I personally have never been out of the USA, simply because the opportunity has never presented itself. Whether due to financial reasons or prior commitments it just never happened. I gained that perspective through education and reading. It’s just tough for me to comprehend how an educated person can still feel this way
Its worse in america than any other country. People dont even leave the TOWN they were born in for more than 1 day at a time
My international traveling is very slim but I've worked with people from all walks of life.  It truly is amazing how different the cultures are but I've never been a die hard patriot from the get-go.


"Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime."

Mark Twain
I was born in Ireland and my family moved here.  So I’ve been over to Europe a ton, between college and grad school a few friends and I did a round the world backpack trip.  


It was fun and weird.  SE Asia was awesome, totally out of any of our comfort zone and we stuck out like a sore thumb.
Unfortunately, some people can't afford to travel. But then again, I've seen US college students blow through 20 grand on drugs.

I've also seen them blow through 70 grand on an education when they could've gone to Europe and gotten a free education.
It was a poll from a while ago but the number of Americans who estimated that the US has a population of 1 billion is ridiculously high.

The US is 5% of the world's population. Our planet is huge. Our civilization is huge. It has no center and we're all in this together.
What exactly should we do? Should we let anyone who wants to overstay their visa do so? Once someone is literally on American soil, should they effectively be a permanent resident?

How do you justify allowing people to overstay visas but still rejecting people at the border? Or should we not do that either?

How do you justify not granting them citizenship? Isn't not giving someone the right to vote treating them as less than a citizen?

I'm against the separation of families.
My favorite is when people do travel the world. But end up in very touristy places and never really experiencing much different than what they’d experience at home.
I'd like to clarify that I don't see it a problem if a lot of Americans never leave the country.  It's a big country, and international travel is expensive.  Even driving to Niagara Falls might not be an option for some people.  Furthermore, all over the world are people who have never left their home countries; it is hardly a requirement.

However, Americans become problematic because these same people are so aggressive in their desire to police the world, to put themselves at the center of it, and do it harm in the name of "America first" this or that.  Never leaving your state isn't a problem; viewing the world as if it doesn't exist outside of your state is.
>Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.

Mark Twain
Nah or your just some rich bitch that travels on daddy’s dime, then expects other countries to learn your language. I shit you not, someone I know moved to Italy and posted a picture of their legal documents saying “Ugh, are all of these forms for moving here in Italian??”

I have very minimal faith in Americans.
I've been aware of how small and insignificant I am from the age 5. I also grew up with the internet and was intellectually aware of the human population shortly after. 

Granted, I was adbucted as a 1 and 5 year old by my dad. First time, just prior to my parents divorce, then again at my 5th birthday. Dad just walked in the back door and left with me. All I remember specifically is being terrified because my Dad was extremely violent person. Both times he took me over state borders and nearly got away. It was only because he got help from his side of the family and they ratted him out that I was ever found.

Shit like that starts thoughts in a young person's mind that unravel their trust in the rest of humanity and I've been struggling to live among what are essentially aliens to me. I constantly fear being hit by strangers and my mistakes cause me a great deal of anxiety, even if I just drop an empty paper cup in a public space, I feel like I've committed a terrible crime.

This is what we're doing to the kids in these concentration camps. Some of them are going to suffer just like me and grow up fearing other people. When you abuse kids, you grow your own enemy.
College + the internet did this for me. Maybe not to your level considering I can't speak to it exactly, but I feel exposure leads to humanism America lacks
I used to have the idea that it is was stupid for us to be involved in the affairs of other countries.  We had NO right to be the world police.  

Then I stepped onto the tarmac in Sarajevo and saw the destruction the war had caused.  I was in country maybe 10 minutes, and my entire view had changed.  

There were people living in half blown out buildings, and had just clear plastic covering to use as walls for the other half.   I could see bullet holes in walls, where they had lined people up and executed them.   All of this I saw on my first day.  

I feel like if people could experience and see other countries, they might be a little bit more supportive.  Let's send those haters to the center of Mexico, or where ever, and let them experience it first hand.
"That shit ain't right!"
Can confirm. I earned nothing.

Source: am white American

Edit: /s
Their grandpappy died for the flag. So that makes them more American than the brown ones.
There are still places that have it worse. But we're in a stage where we're watching a toddler handle something precious and we're just waiting for it to be broken.
Can't spell Fortunate without Fortune
Exactly. This isn't something being done somewhere else. It's something we're doing here.
Evil is probably a better word for it, yes. Evil people are shitty people as well, but even Geraldo Rivera (a shitty person) thinks what we are doing is wrong. 

It's the people that try to justify it that aren't only shitty, but just purely evil.
It's getting hard for me to defend it, so in a way you're right. A lot of us born here feel pretty salty about it at the moment as well.
And I honestly think (and hope) there are enough of us that outnumber the ones that do. And that like me, they are registered to vote and ready to end this madness.
*touché*
True, but if the Italian government were separating American children from their families and keeping them in internment camps on Italian soil and then said it didn't matter because we weren't "their kids". It may be their right to do so but it's still inhumane.
It wasnt a question about who matters more... Where did you see that? 

Fox and friends excused inhumane treatment against children because they aren't one of us. 

That's a massive difference.
“This Jesus fella sounds like a goddamn commie-socialist!!!”

-The party of Christian values
Let's take it further:

"Therefore whatever you desire for men to do to you, you shall also do to them; for this is the law and the prophets." - Jesus

"You shall treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you, and you shall love him as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God." - God

"Do justice and righteousness, and deliver from the hand of the oppressor him who has been robbed. And do no wrong or violence to the resident alien, the fatherless, and the widow, nor shed innocent blood in this place." - also God

“‘Cursed be anyone who perverts the justice due to the sojourner, the fatherless, and the widow.’ And all the people shall say, ‘Amen.’" - another one from God

“And when you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not reap your field right up to its edge, nor shall you gather the gleanings after your harvest. You shall leave them for the poor and for the sojourner: I am the Lord your God.” - guess who? (God)

I guess Jeff Sessions forgot about these (and the dozens of other verses) when he cited the Bible to justify demonizing the poor and needy.
That's just Jesus, not Supply-Side Jesus. 

From Chapter 3, Verse 2 of Capitalism:

"Fuck yours, got mine."
But that's Jesus-Jesus... Republicans only follow the teachings of Supply-Side Republican-Bootstrap-Jesus.
Um. WHITE Jesus never said that. It was that other Jesus who wasn't even BORN HERE, and he doesn't count because I'm pretty sure he was a Jew.
> “What you do to the least of my brothers, you also do to me. “ — Some brown guy from another country with radical leftist ideas
Just wait for "he meant CHRISTIANS". Also note that Jesus was a non-white jew.
 “Give me your tired, your poor / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.”
Matthew 25:  42-49
/r/JesusCriticizesTrump?
Supply-Side Jesus says "Fuck 'em"
One of the biblical passages that you never hear quoted is Matthew 7 21-23:

“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father in heaven. Many will say to me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name? Did we not drive out demons in your name? Did we not do mighty deeds in your name?’ Then I will declare to them solemnly, ‘I never knew you. Depart from me, you evildoers.’"

For the life of me, I can't imagine why they're so silent on this one.
I wonder if they were Canadian boondocks kids, what their tune would be. Or heck, or Russian kids crossing the Bering sea (hipotetically speaking)
"Unless they are from a different country. If they are, feel free to kick them in the nuts because they have different pigments in their skin." People always forget that part of the verse.
"Everybody knows that Jesus guy was just a SJW."
Good 'ol, in the temple Jesus. Good times.
I suspect many would argue that these people *aren’t* his or our brothers; they’re others. Outsiders.

They’ve twisted Jesus into a Nationalist.
The problem with your rational here is you are assuming these people think of other racial groups as thier brothers and sisters in Christ, or at the very least equal.
Yeah I noticed this too. Trump has recently been shifting from the "illegal immigrant" rhetoric to just plan "migrants".
>In my work with the defendants (at the Nuremberg Trails 1945-1949) I was searching for the nature of evil and I now think I have come close to defining it. A lack of empathy. It’s the one characteristic that connects all the defendants, a genuine incapacity to feel with their fellow men.

>Evil, I think, is the absence of empathy.”

---Quotation: Captain G. M. Gilbert, the Army psychologist assigned to watching the defendants at the Nuremberg trials.
and making sure to blame the democrats

>  Now, all of a sudden, they’re big open-border people.  It’s a whole big con job.  In the meantime, people are suffering because of the Democrats.
> 
> So we’ve created, and they’ve created, and they’ve let it happen — a massive child-smuggling industry.  That’s exactly what it’s become.  Traffickers — if you think about this — human traffickers are making a fortune.  It’s a disgrace.
> 
> These loopholes force the release of alien families and minors into the country when they illegally cross the border.
Yep.  And they are fake Christians for this morally disgusting take on children.  

Jesus said, "Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these."  While Trump and the GOP said, "These aren't our children."
It's quite literally one or two steps away from "well, these aren't people, so..."
Look up "the 8 stages of genocide" on Google
It’s because the current administration is too stupid and disorganized to stay on message with a “soft racist” message like the ones you mentioned.  Plus the Trump base is happy to be openly racist at this point or has some excuse (Mexico isn’t a race!) as to why it’s all ok.
Your point is spot on.  They are deserving of ill treatment simply because they are not American, which slides all too easily into not white.  *And they are fucking children*.  These people truly have no soul.
I've just about decided something similar:

"If you do not owe humane treatment, you no longer deserve it."

This idea they have is detrimental to the continuation of our species, given that they cannot be taught out of it.
This morning I watched a mother and four year old child being questioned by a reporter.

The reporter asked the child "Were you scared?" and the child nodded his head.  

"Were you afraid you would never see your mom again?"  and, again the child nodded.

Then the reporter asked the mother a question that was similar and an interrupter translated and returned the reply the mother said.

I see two things wrong with that interview.  Do you?
Republicans have been doing this forever - claiming that the only people we are required to afford human rights to are Americans - in order to justify their barbarity. From carpet-bombing Laos and Cambodia to torturing prisoners at Abu Ghraib to imprisoning them without due process at Gitmo.

Republicans have been despicable for decades.
I agree it sucks that we have to detain these kids while their parents are processed, but what else are we supposed to do? Should we just let them and the parents out free? Should we keep processing the parents and just let the kids roam free? Should we detain the kids and parents together? And also, I don't think they're being treated inhumanely (except maybe in a few fringe circumstances). Sure they're being detained, but what else has been done to them that's inhumane?
WWJD?

Guess he'd inquire about citizenship before deciding...
Yeah, I'm old enough to remember the immigration debate being framed by the right as, "These people came here illegally, they needed to come here the right way." A frequent addendum being, "We need to fix immigration so that they can come here the right way."

But they don't want immigrants coming here at all. Any illusion or pretense that the issue was how they got here disappeared when the House GOP immigration bills included steep reductions in legal immigration in addition to increased border security and other efforts to fight illegal immigration.

Legality isn't the concern of Republicans. It's immigrants. They don't like or want immigrants. Specifically, they don't want brown immigrants.

Where the racism ends and the xenophobia begins is impossible to tell.
And it's not hyperbole- the nazi propaganda machine used these same techniques to dehumanize anyone who wasn't an aryan.
Today he tweeted that that it's "Crime" (capitalized) coming in. Not humans or animals, just Crime walking in.
> . A 4-year-old can't break the law in the same way an adult does. Our process for evaluating their actions is much different, and, in most of these cases, there's nothing the children could reasonably be prosecuted for.

Unfortunately while I wish it wasn't the case, this actually is going on.  There are tons of stories about children as young as infants being put on trial in immigration courts, on their own, with zero representation or even any family in the case of unaccompanied minors.  There is one story from an immigration lawyer about how he requested a booster seat for a child so that the child could actually see the judge.

That is how fucked up things have gotten.
> So, instead, they're shifting to a focus on their nationality, with the implication that we don't owe them humane treatment, even when they're in our care.

Good. It's good because this is how they have always felt, but they disguised it under cover of tenuous legal arguments (the same ones they're still falling back on today). This is an extension of "Trump is president, we don't have to hide our true feeling anymore!" 

Good. Now everyone knows how they *really* feel.
How many steps away from holocaust are we at now?

I think head and body measurements are next.
We don't even even treat our own children humanely, why can we expect the Right to GAF about non US children?
>But these children have no personal culpability. For most, particularly the young ones, they didn't even have a choice not to come. And many aren't even legally culpable. A 4-year-old can't break the law in the same way an adult does. Our process for evaluating their actions is much different, and, in most of these cases, there's nothing the children could reasonably be prosecuted for. 

Maybe I'm misunderstanding you, but you seem to be under the impression that these children are being held because they've done something wrong. I don't see how that follows from any policies or statements made by Trump's administration. 

You're saying "humane" treatment, but what you really mean, I am left to assume, is "staying with their families". Well if the adults that brought them here committed a crime and are in jail then how do you do that; what do you do with the kids?

The rhetoric has to get toned down. I have yet to see a rational conversation take place on this issue. Everyone is just talking past one another and virtue signaling their own ego and echo chambers.
I have been posting this for the last 2 years, but the parallel has never been more real than now. 

When my 8th graders ask, “Social studies is stupid— why the f*ck do we have to learn history?” I always respond to the tune of, “So you can prevent the atrocities of history from being repeated.” 

Clearly I’m not doing a good enough job. ☹️
Holy fuck. Is the "America First" there in the original drawing?

EDIT: Confirmed that it is. Holy shit this is 2spooky4me.
They don't even care about our kids here. They take away their health insurance and then they shoot them when they go to school. Meanwhile, they're trying to take away school.
This is the extension of the logic of the GOP. Go be a rugged individualist, and when you succeed (and you will, because you're *obviously* the hero of your own story!) you can ignore everyone else's problems!

A segment of American society no longer wants there to be a society. It's completely messed up.
Another family even, this kind of dehumanization can speed terrifyingly fast.
>If you're telling me I shouldn't care about kids form another country than with that logic why should I care about kids from another state than my own? Why should I care about kids from another city than my own?

I think the GOP logic is that you shouldn't. As the First Lady put it recently, "I don't care." Or, if you prefer, "Fuck 'em. I got mine."
Consider their efforts to gut public school funding and shift that cost to private schools where parents can choose a carefully curated environment for their children.

Everything they have been doing, from the boarder to the schools, is designed to segregate, solidify, protect and empower a particular segment of the US while leaving all the rest out.
> If you're telling me I shouldn't care about kids form another country than with that logic why should I care about kids from another state than my own? Why should I care about kids from another city than my own? 

(*Looks in both directions, to make sure the good guys aren’t snooping*)

^Because ^they ^are ^white...

(/s, of course, because it’s 2018)
This is an argument I often hear from childless/retired conservatives as to why they're against funding public education: "why should my hard-earned tax dollars go to raising someone else's kids?"
Are they REALLY kids though, or are they infesting insects? /S but angry /S
You don't hurt PEOPLE. Just because it's now better for children doesn't mean the fight is over.
> from another country 

How do we know they have countries on its home planet?
Ted Cruz, interviewed from inside his cage, bloody and bruised - "I'm sure the president has good intentions about all this."
Well ~~Raphael~~ Rafael is an "infested animal".
> person [citation needed]

fucking lost it at work. Thanks for that.
I have seen many people and Ted Cruz is one of them.
> as he is a person [citation needed]

I can absolutely confirm that Ted Cruz is one being and not several.
Yeah, and if you really want to see that dark side in action check out our foreign policy/uses of force over the last fifty years or so

> belief in the inferiority of everybody else

[Übermensch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%9Cbermensch#Nazism) you mean?
Manifest destiny
Americans no longer belive that 

*: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.*

Only OFFICAL CITIZENS have rights. All others can be tortured and imprisoned without trial. American deaths are a tragedy, forgieners deaths are collateral damage.
That it's happening so soon after the invasion of Iraq on the pretense of freeing it from Saddam's rule, where they would be greeted as liberators, is particularly infuriating.

They have absolutely no principles that they will not turn away from.

From "won't somebody think of the children?" to "who cares about these dirty brown children" without a second thought.
You're not leaving any room for "citizenship" to mean anything.

You don't have to believe in American exceptionalism to believe in borders and immigration laws. Conflating the two issues is getting us nowhere.
Racially/ethnically homogenous areas are less tolerant
Yeah Fox News came within an asshair of being decent people. Then did a u-turn and *floored that fuckin' gas.*
Every new thing beats the credulity out of us, so the next bad thing doesn't hurt as much. And then the next hurts even less. 

They're not stopping, this is just one step in a long journey towards complacency.
Yes, a white dude was born in the middle East to middle eastern Jews 2000 years ago.
this makes me sad.
This is why I was so fucking appalled that NBC hired her and tried to normalize her stupid shitty personality. Not to dehumanize her - I would help her if she were hurt or being persecuted or some shit, she just has a stupid shitty personality.
> "our" kids get gunned down by the state

Oh shit, they're shooting white kids now?  We've got to do something about this immediately!

^^Unfortunately ^^/s ^^is ^^needed
If only the American citizens of Puerto Rico were treated as well as the American citizens of Idaho or Texas.
Or Slovenia

Can we tie Melanie to a rocket and launch her into space already? She's a fucking waste of oxygen.
When Trump made his infamous "shithole countries" comment about places like Haiti, he also explicitly called for more immigrants from places like Norway.
At least they would contribute unlike these leaches.
http://genocidewatch.net/genocide-2/8-stages-of-genocide/
Really gross that nobody is willing to come to Fox and shut that station down. I mean 10,000 people outside their gates and let nobody in could do the trick. Oh and make sure its get media attention outside the US aswell on how they opperate.Democratic countries hate these kind of people.The more outrage the better.
http://genocidewatch.net/genocide-2/8-stages-of-genocide/
It only matters when they are IN the womb. After that, it's every kid for him/herself!
>	I get not wanting to traumatize families, but where does the rubber meet the road here? 

In *family* detention centers, not separating the kids, not losing track of them, etc. etc. Oh and also not turning someone who's walked hundreds of miles to the border [away when they seek asylum](https://theintercept.com/2018/06/16/immigration-border-asylum-central-america/) so they either have to turn around and go back to what they were fleeing or cross illegally and hope they can apply when they're arrested on the other side.

We can enforce our borders and still keep our souls.
> Doesn't the very idea of citizenship inherently create a difference between those who are citizens and those who are not?

"Well they're not a citizen, so they deserve to have their families be ripped apart and thrown in concentration camps."

Bold move, Cotton.
If you feel that way then it must be true
Didn't Trump himself say something along the lines of wanting Swedish people to immigrate to the US?

Blonde haired blue eyed kids coming in to the country? Trump would welcome them with open arms. Unfortunately the mexican kids are a little to dark skinned for him.
Right, and that's why all those Canadians in the country illegally are getting locked up and separated from their children. Hiding behind "nationality" for racism is despicable.

Also fyi, it's "Hispanic" on the census. They are not considered white by the US government.
Geographical lottery is exactly correct. This does not apply exclusively to the children. These asylum seekers and immigrants have played the lottery also (and lost). I don't blame them for trying to buy another ticket.
Hey, don't drag us into that mess.
The World Cup is hosted in Russia. There are multiple reasons to boycott that bullshit.
Just watch streams
/r/soccerstreams
I'm watching it all via stream links on Reddit,  so I don't have to watch the Fox channel for it.  I cut the cable anyway, so I use an extra laptop connect to the big TV.
     1. @BeachesResorts & @SandalsResorts
     2. @SIRIUSXM
     3. @CarfaxReports
     4. @AceHardware
     5. @IAC (Angie’s List, Home Advisor, Match) *Dropped*
     6. @Cabelas
     7. @JohnDeere”
— David Hogg (@davidhogg111)
Anonymous seems to have split up after a lot of online groups went far-right over feminists having opinions on video games.
> Is he/she against people mooching off of the goverment?

Or is he/she mooching off the government?
Is he/she ~~evangelical~~ *fake Christian*?
For this to work we're going to need to reinstate the One Drop Rule. 

Gotta catch'em all! 

Edit:  just in case /s
Trick questions: no woman could ever be a true american in their eyes
1. Was he/she born here? But also was his relatives from ~250 years ago born in Europe?

Because fuck native americans I guess...
Isn't 10 synonymous to 9?
Wouldn't this look so much better if you used Are they instead of Is he/she?
I think number 9 needs to be a no
> Is he/she antitaxes

Even that is flexible. Trump yesterday was ecstatic about sales taxes being enforced on online retailers because he thinks somehow it's sticking it to Amazon, nevermind that the consumers are paying the taxes.

The reaction from the "anti-tax" Republicans has been a synchronized blank stare. They don't care, they're nihilists.
You can refine this down to: "Is this person demographically likely to vote Democrat?"  Those are the people the Republican party hates. It's why Putin and Kim Jong Un have higher favorability in the GOP than Nancy Pelosi. They have literally allied themselves with dictators because they have convinced themselves there is nothing worse than Democrats, and therefore any group who MIGHT lean liberal needs to be destroyed at all costs.
Until all of us are free, none of us are free. Anyone can be put in the out-caste by the in-caste. Nothing is real. New rules can always, always be made.
She? get out here with that shit. We said American not chattel.
Aren't a large number of the illegal immigrants actually Europeans, Canadians, and Asians that overstay their visas? Funny how they're only targeting Hispanics. Edit: I think I just realized why they're doing this. Texas is turning blue because of a growing Hispanic and urban population. If they lose Texas, they're fucked. This is the start of an ethnic cleansing campaign. They're not doing it just because they hate brown people.
> The United States sees it as a symbol of freedom, and to its citizens it is worth far more than the sum of its parts.

Republicans would be more than happy to scrap it and sell the island for $1 to Trump.  Putin would bankroll him (no US banks will loan 1 dollar) to build a big whatever that would say FU to liberals.
I am sure you could find some rich geeky guy somewhere who would like to buy it and bury it in his private beach.
Human rights council... Didn't we just leave that?.. Hmmm
TIL, wow just wow
...,And the eat fetuses of the innocent Americans.
This
STOP

jUST STOP

Russia didn’t make America racist and nationalist. 

This is  our fucking fault, we own this shit,
I’d never heard of MS-13 before Trump became a politician.
I know they've been reported on for awhile, often in a bit of a scare-monger way. I mean, they are a real, very violent gang, so some reporting is due.

But it seems like recently it's being morphed to a very simplistic dogwhistle.
http://genocidewatch.net/genocide-2/8-stages-of-genocide/
Dr Seuss didn't fuck around with his political cartoons.
If I was paying $1k a month out of pocket, I'd start importing from Canada or India.
When a Nazi's in the White House you can be racist any time!
Something tells me that the Nazis would hate Pizza Bagel Bites on principle.
Hey hey were the nazis and we don't nazi around,  haha you know I'm just kidding, fascism is our common ground
We can make a religion out of thi-

Oh wait.
Just gotta drop the /s and it’s perfect!!
There does seem to be a consistent line from the conservatives I know to the effect of "why should I help the less fortunate?". It can be about public schools, immigration, foreign assistance, "welfare", health care, you name it. Ironically many of them would describe themselves as Christian.
For them?  Yes.

For me.  No.
When you read some of the language used today, that article is chilling. My biggest hope is this generation. Our daughter is smart and a lot of her friends are better at critical thinking and questioning than the pre-internet people of my generation.
The article explains how. Make people paranoid by over-exaggerating danger (MS13, illegal immigrant rapists), dehumanize them (animals, infest), then the public will allow you to oppress them.
It's all about Dijon mustard!
I wish there was a way to do that. Nothing has been effective yet.
Aren't they tho?
I understand that you think that, but Ainsley Earhardt defines herself very clearly as a Christian. She's written a NYT best seller based on that. She talks about her faith and christian values constantly on the air. And I don't see masses of Christians up in arms saying that she's not one of them. They are the ones who make her book a best seller and give the show such high ratings.

I don't think you personally get to define what a Christian is.
Why are you saying past? These dronestrikes are still happening
So they’re calling for the Berlin Wall, and we’re East Berlin
I seriously doubt none of these kids have died or disappeared thus far. The real question is will you hear about it?
So...at this point I should say that the company doing this - DynCorp - was literally found guilty of selling children into sex slavery.

Trump administration member John Kelly was on the board at the time.

Remember how we all joked that even the right's Pizzagate child sex dungeon lunacy was going to turn out to be more projection?


Not really so much of a joke any more, is it...
We should, but we wouldn't and you know it.
One can hope.

But how many people are protesting when our drones kill innocent children in the middle east?
Both this administraton and the last one killed scores of innocent kids with drones.
Lol no you're not. Nobody's doing shit.
Jesus...

The responses in this thread...

This sub needs to be relegated like TD was, already.
>We will drag them kicking and screaming into the future.

Seems like your progress has been reversed significantly though
That quote is by no means justification for ignoring anyone's civil rights, but it isn't "dehumanizing" as the article's title suggests.
I see why he chose Texas because most of thus is happening there, but why Idaho out of all the others?
Correct they are not citizens.
Actual quote is much worse, thanks.
Pretty grounded actually I watched the video in the link.
I agree, I am not for the separation of children from parents, something the Obama administration started in fact. But where do we put people caught crossing illegally? It seems no matter where you put them people scream that it’s a concentration camp in a strained effort to once again make a nazi reference.
It’s not as simple as just letting them come for employment. A sudden increase of immigration strains resources across the board. It also makes the job market for lower class citizens harder because of the flood of cheap workers. This is basic stuff we are talking about.
I'd be proud to live in a country where people who did 'cleaning jobs' made enough to live on and who were granted a little respect.  

People who seem to be willing to trash them do not have  my respect.  Everyone should be treated according to the same standard. No other crime comes with a get out of jail free card for those who have a child.
Yes, as legal immigrants.
Reciting poetry is cool. There was also slavery back then too.
That's a poem, not a policy
Yep - right there next to Ellis Island - a port of entry for tired, poor and huddled masses.

Not the same thing as creeping across the desert in the middle of the night because they know there will be repercussions.
“Oh and also do it illegally in numbers beyond counting”
Lol.

Basing a country’s policy off a poem.

Fucking brilliant.
Cool story bro. Do you have any idea how immigration actually works? There are these things called borders... maybe when you get to high school you will learn about it.
,..that's a poem. A relatively modern poem that isn't part of our legal system at all. Don't get me wrong, it's a noble goal, but if it's hurting *our* citizens here, it's not worth it.
I agree for the most part. So would a lot of people on the left.
Can you be more specific? The only abuse I’ve heard of is the separation which was started by the Obama administration and was recently stopped by trump.
No
Didn't God have walls and extreme vetting to get to his happy place in the sky?
Only when it's applicable
Nope
Declare outright war with the cartels. If Mexico can't fix it's problem we should. We have taken over countries for much worse reasons, this one is actually to save lives.
Well, yes and no. The DHS has been shutting down the legal entry points, so these people with kids and no place to go back to are understandably getting desperate.
first,

> legit asylum seekers

lol, no.  

It's also worth pointing out that what you said is completely wrong.  you are not separated if you do it the right way.  that said, just because you claim asylum and go through the proper process, that means nothing if you do not have a legitimate claim.  Hint: simply coming from a shithole country does not qualify you for asylum
Lol, you do realize there are legit U.S. Consulars and Embassies throughout Mexico and other countries where people can apply for "legit asylum" with zero chance of having their families split.  Sorry, but when you cross the Rio Grande in the middle of the night, attempting to enter this country and get caught, you can't just say "Oh jk lol I totally am seeking asylum from my oppressive government.  Oh by the way I also have young children that I took with me on this dangerous journey so take pity on us and let us stay for free without facing consequence."
That makes no sense in this context. Conservatives stance has always been tough border control.

If anything, progressives, after getting the president to stop child seperate now want catch and release to come back. That's moving the goalpost.

For the record, I think we should put in all effort necessary to reunite the kids we already have in custody with their parents.
He doesn’t know that. These dudes are pretty naive about boarder issues let alone the world.
Correct. The point they are making is, why are they not seeking asylum in Mexico?
>They're not all Mexican, you know.

Which is kind of why we try to be extra strict about letting people in...
A huge part of the drug trade is marijuana. Legalization on a nationwide scale would not only hurt the cartels but reinvigorate American agriculture.
One way would be to prosecute banks that openly admit to laundering money for cartels and facilitate the transfer of drug money from the US back to Mexico.

Instead they fine them a pittance sum and nobody goes to jail. Nobody is even fired. No criminal charges, nothing.

This is an American problem too. There's a reason you guys have so many people hooked on heroin.
Please cite the relevant law you're using to base your opinion off of.
Mexico is a shithole. Crime is rampant (especially in the government) and the cartels rule a majority of the country. A few nice beaches that tourists visit do not represent the country as a whole.
Are you serious? Okay okay, it’s not about the immigrants then what *I* said is not about the immigrants. It was a direct response to this post to show that while Fox News dehumanizes these immigrants you fucking liberals do the exact opposite and victimize these immigrants so yeah you’re really on point here. None of this is about immigrants. 

And to clarify in case you were gonna try snipping back at me saying they are victims. The innocent legal immigrants that this is happening to *are* victims and that is terrible and hopefully they get taken care of (if that’s even true) however the illegal immigrants that this is happening to are criminals and those kids are victims to their parents irresponsibility.
I think we have reached an impasse.
Yes, you are. I never said the kids weren’t victims the kids are most certainly victims. They are victims of their parents irresponsibility and neglect for their safety. Tell me, if you aren’t allowed somewhere, like a store after hours, and you go there and bring your kids or you go there and have a baby. How the fuck are you gonna place the blame on the storeowner for having you arrested and getting your kids taken from you? No it’s your fault. It’s not those poor kids faults it’s the fucking parents. I don’t care how shitty the rules are in this country that’s not what this is about, it’s how it fucking is and you deal with it. I mean are you *that* fucking dense? 

Do you just think people don’t have to follow the law if they can’t speak English? 

Can I just come sleep in your living room without your consent? Because you’re gonna need to buy a bigger couch (I have kids)
i have empathy for those at the border, if you want to come to the US to seek asylum, and want to work, fine by me. I'm referring to those GOP voters whose jobs depend on free trade who care only for themselves.
What did they say?
We need to stop letting these psychopaths in every facut of America get away with this shit. It's gone too far
There's a third option, that they'll disappear into human trafficking rings. Because we're not keeping track of them well. Almost as if the people in charge don't really care.
Right, that’s a law correct? Surely it’s not just a cute saying on a monument. Give me a fucking break. If you actually gave a shit you would take in homeless asylum seekers from Mexico into your home and feed them. But we all know you are just a giant fucking hypocritical politically biased actor.
Why would anyone get rid of darker u.s. citizens? This is illegal immigration dumbass.
What a dumb comment.
No it is not. If anything, our behavior is their responsibility, even then it is tyrannical to assume such nonsense.
No they don’t. Constitutional law does not apply to non-citizens without Visa certification.
These people don't believe that. And any article you share that proves it that pass off as fake news
Except they're trying to enter illegally and being detained because of it. Follow the guidelines i laid out and they will get an asylum request
Illegal re entry is a felony. Follow the guidelines laid out and there won't be any issues. But please, appeal with more emotion
it should be respected nevertheless, especially after they knew the risk and still chose to do it, daring the US border to stop them
brown people don't vote republican so republicans don't want them to vote. pretty fucking simple
Saying things like this drives people on the right more to the right and is part of the reason trump won. Trump won because straight white people in America were tired of being called racist, xenophobic, or antigay even if they weren’t. If you think his point is wrong, then explain your view and why you think you’re right and he’s wrong, don’t just cry racism
What inhumane treatment? What law was violated that makes this inhumane?
[removed]
And give everything over to the cartel and mafia? Be too afraid to stand up for the protection of its own citizens? Prosecute and charge people who enter the country illegally with a felony? Allow caravans of undocumented people to pass through unabated and enter the next country? Have entire cities run by terrorists and cartels? Have over 100 politicians assassinated in 6 months?
Helping established allies vs a madman committing genocide and trying to take over the entire planet = Letting every single poor person from around the world come into the US and cripple our social services. 

Great logic there.
Certainly didn't say that, but the fact is that these aren't our kids.

I understand that you want to use emotional terrorism to get your way, but we can't have that.
Because anything that doesn't say the sun shines out of Trump's ass is fake news to his cultists. Reporting what he or one of his apologists actually said? Anti-Trump bias!
Give me a solution. You guys are full of outrage, but no solutions.
If it is our countries laws that determine who we accept then how are we breaking the law? Is there a bill that states any country has to accept asylum seekers? How do other countries treat illegal immigrants? Im guessing very similarly.
1.) We have a procsess to get in america why do it illegally? 

2.) They are criminals. Yes they do have rights thats why we deport them and not violate the human rights act

3.) How do they pay taxes if they are not in the system by being here illegally?

4.) So come here legally

5.) Deporting them is not horrible ways. Any other country will and has done the same exact thing.
Humane and fair yes, being deported on the other hand for being here illegally not so much
Who are criminals. I empathize with bank robbers. Lets let them go too. I dont support the detention centers but do support them being arrested or deported.
... You're not serious, right? There's over 84 asylum check points on the border, the u.s. embassy in Mexico and 8 other asylum check points *inside Mexico* 

These people are very aware of this and are actively trying to avoid them and sneak in. It's amazing the lengths they're going to break the law.
So do it legally.  Instead of paying a coyote $6,000 dollars to smuggle you over, get a work visa and go through the immigration process.
Western countries are not the dumping ground for refugees and migrants.  There are dozens of other countries they can go to in south america.
When has an adult been arrested and it not affected their kids?
Only under obama were they put in cages.  I assume you also reference that fake photo op of the baby in a cage for a protest?
No. You don't understand libertarianism or conservatism at all.   Government does have responsibility, just very limited. Protecting our border is one of them otherwise we don't have a country.
Where's your compassion and empathy for those who choose to think logically? Or even to those who think differently than you? You've already lost.
I don't use drugs so don't dare accuse me of being part of the problem.  And running away is only going to perpetuate the issues in their home countries.  We can't be expected to feed, shelter, and clothe the world's poor when we have plenty of our own citizens that require those things.

The billions we spend every year as a result of illegal immigration could be spent on our OWN citizens.  Think of the improvements to healthcare, education, and infrastructure we could all enjoy.
Hostages? Please...

They are safe... something they did not get down south.
They are fed... something they did not get down south.
They receive education... something they did not get down south.
They receive healthcare... something they did not get down south.

They are here illegally. We have rules. It takes time to be granted legal access to the US.

If we took these people and simply walked them back across the border, you would still be crying that we are treating them like <insert nazi, racist, xenophobic reference here>.

No, you will be happy with nothing less than an open border where anyone who wants to come to the US can just waltz right on in.
No legal immigrants are getting put in cages. Why are you saying this?
Doesn't mean there aren't poor people lol
yeah not even a good troll
Most people don't go to jail for a first offense misdemeanor
Are you a racist piece of trash in your day to day life, or do you hide that like the coward we all know you are and save it for the internet?
What a sad, lonely person you must be.
Cuckservatives sure do love to repeat talking points that feel good without understanding laws or reality.

I'm sure that seeking amnesty, which is protected by international law that we've ratified and is not a crime under our own laws, and getting thrown in jail for an actual crime like shoplifting are equivalent. Whatever keeps your corrupt dead heart beating while you sleep at night. You should go to Staples, maybe you can cut off those strings and think for yourself.
I know that does not excuse this horrible situation. It's just that the Democrat and Republican supporters in this country only have a problem with the atrocities this country does when the other side does it. They are blind to the faults of their own party.
I’m actually at work on break. I also don’t live with my mom. I do love video games tho!
Blasphemy! Spanish conquered the western half of America that's why we have so many Spanish named states towns and cities. America did not have a law like Mexico to pay people to commit genocide against the Natives. I bet you're a conquistador how can you defend the sick people's of Central America? America defeated the dirty Spanish Europeans and kicked them out of America now they want back in, I say no more! No sympathy for Genociders! No sympathy for Conquistadors! The Spaniards even sided with the Nazi's and many live amongst them to this day!
So you tell me that if I legally immigrate and jump though all the government hoops and comply with all the USA laws, I am the same as some border jumping arsehole?
Only as a way of deincentivising illegals/asylum seekers from coming. I think it’s the best way to fight against immigration from certain parts of the world.

Again we can’t play nice against these people.
I would hazard a guess that the majority of America has no idea about whats currently happening in Nicaragua. I haven't seen it making headlines, and i'm only aware because i go down there for surf trips, so i've been keeping tabs on the people i know.  Its truly sad how little the majority of the people have down there, and the government is starting to crack down hard.  My friends and i were hoping to head down to help out with tourism, but it's just becoming too dangerous.
I saw the clip.

Trump is an idiot, Coyotes (or Coyotajes) is a nickname for human smugglers. Much like drug smugglers use people as "mules" to carry drugs in.

I think Trump literally thinks there are packs of coyotes hunting these people on the way through Mexico.
Guys guys cmon we all know its the children funneling in drugs from South America and not the CIA on Reagan's orders.
Pennywise the evil clown who literally eats children came out today to condemn the GOP policy of separating families and distance himself from the Republican party.

"I've supported GOP policies in the past, primarily because I identify as pro life, but I have nothing to do with this current party. They are plain evil."
[His sister Kellywise disagrees](https://i.imgur.com/23uaBnw.gif?noredirect)
Because most humor comes from a dark place.
And my heart just broke a little more.
Stop. I'm gonna cry.
We gradually lose our humanity as we grow older.
[...child gives you their papers](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/9d/82/9b/9d829b7bb0c55870328393b1626b339b--children-drawing-pay-attention.jpg)
Yep. It's a religious issue. The majority of Pro-lifers are religious to some extent. It's the same reason they oppose birth control and comprehensive sex-ed. They want to try and control your sex life, and if you dare to have sex outside of what they feel sex is for you need to be punished. 

If they actually gave a damn about the children, the women or lowering the abortion rate they would support different policies. But they don't. They want you to believe in their religion, and if you won't they will try and legislate your beliefs.
For sure. Otherwise they would be pushing for the one thing that reduces the number of abortions. Not laws. Access to contraception!
No its really not. Maybe for a small fraction of the extremely judgemental people, but the majority of those who are against abortion believe its about terminating a life. I feel like this really shouldnt have to be explained...
You don't believe that a single person out there just wants the baby to survive? This is crazy. I'm pro choice and all, but stop painting your opponents like that. Man.

No one gives a fuck about your downvotes or your echo chamber. You're downvotong a claim that some people are genuinely compassionate. You all aren't interested in goodness or truth whatsoever.
No
No, you confusing them with The First Lady.
Personal choice vs government-run kidnapping and imprisonment. But I suppose, what's the difference when we can score political points with people incapable of critical thought?
Yes but if the government is not going to stand up and do what these organizations are doing then they have no right to continue to threaten our reproductive rights. 

Churches can still offer these services if abortion remains an unencumbered right. They should not be the biggest voice in the movement. We have separation of church and state for a reason.
These people do exactly what their enemies do, paint each other with these horrible brushes with absolutely no nuance. Except when they do it, it's somrhow ok.
Pro life conservative is an oxymoron. There's nothing about conservative philosophy that protects life with dignity.
To no end. They just have a gung-ho attitude towards bullshit.
They would lose more votes from white racists if they sided with immigrants. The bigger problem is that white racists wouldn't switch over to Dems, but fuel a party further to the right, threatening Republicans from ever getting elected in but a few states.
A divided electorate is a distracted and easily exploited electorate.
Nope, the murder of the fœtus is a Christian moral pretext. The real reason niche in possession of women’s body. Its also the ultimate battle for women’s right for this exact reason.
What's the opposite of progress? Congress. Hardy har har.
One of the greatest videos to ever grace the internet.
I love the Professor Brothers. This is one of my all time favorites.
How have I never seen this lmao
He’s coming. He’s coming. He’s coming.
I hear that dude has like 30 goddamn dicks
Wasn’t there news just a couple days ago that they’re assembling a task force to go after “new citizens” that they suspect may have lied on their paperwork? This is literally the gestapo coming to disappear brown Americans.
https://youtu.be/FtrZhHTJ5rY
Uh, yes? Why are these concentration camps refusing oversight and preventing transparent care of their charges? 

[Half of recent immigrant detainee deaths due to inadequate medical care, report finds] (https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/20/health/immigrant-detainee-deaths-medical-care-bn/index.html) 

[Senate Report: U.S. Placed Over a Dozen Immigrant Children With Human Traffickers](
https://jezebel.com/senate-report-u-s-placed-over-a-dozen-immigrant-child-1755920203) 

[Handcuffs, assaults, and \[sedation\] drugs called 'vitamins': Children allege grave abuse at migrant detention facilities] (https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/21/us/undocumented-migrant-children-detention-facilities-abuse-invs/index.html)
My point is that the public shaming of proud americans is by design, division of ideals is a tool of control, and it typically comes from figures who are no saints themselves.  Get it?
His post called the members of the America First committee anti-semites- implying they didn't want into the war out of hatred for Jews. That is objectively false. Yeah, war sucks. Children dying is a horrendous tragedy. That doesn't mean America should be involved in every single war everywhere simply because children died. The U.S. Federal government has a responsibility to protect American citizens- it does not have the responsibility to protect all children on all continents simultaneously.

Also, projection arises from an accusation- and the only one I've made is that OP is bad at history and/or deliberately dishonest. Considering my use of sources and basic fucking reading skills, I'd say I'm doing just fine.
For real. Democrats need to show everyone in the country, in straightforward terms, that they are the party that cares about everyone’s quality of life - and that the republicans are the party trying to hurt everyone except their own donors
Damn, that's what I should have said. "If you care about these kids, you will March with me in the streets next week", not "here's 50 articles of Trump's own people admitting its his new policy, and not from Obama. "
[removed]
Drives me nuts when conservatives say fuck your feelings. Feelings are important, they're all an individual has.
Republicans have not been subtle about telling us this.  'Party of Personal Responsibility' has always been a slogan of theirs, meaning that they consider a person's station in life exactly what they deserve and that the government shouldn't be trying to stick their fingers in trying to balance anything out.  

And that's just 'traditional conservatism', which says nothing of this more white nationalist far right movement that Republicans have increasingly adopted.
Completely objective opinion pieces? Don't get me wrong I couldn't agree more with her points. But her argument is... I don't want to argue with republicans anymore? That accomplishes a heck of a lot of nothing.
And for the "both sides are the same people."

On one level yes.  But one side will create policy that benefits themselves and donors and fuck anyone else.  The other tends tends towards polocy that benefits themselves and donors, and if it can also help everyone without detriment then why not.
it's beyond that, though - the foundation of capitalism is that altruistic motives are irrelevant.
And millions of voting Americans are so evil and stupid the STILL vote for Republicans. These millions of voting Americans WANT to hurt other people. That is how fucking sick America is.
And the really ducked up part is that liberal policies help everyone, including those rich scumbags.

With liberal policies the entire pie gets larger, instead of gop policies that take cooking ingredients away from everyone, and demand only the wealthy get pie and the poor rays the crumbs and whatever happens to "trickle down" out of the upper classes bung.
> The vast majority of Republican policies aren't designed for the greater good, they're designed so a small group of people feel comfortable at other people's expense.

https://www.congress.gov/resources/display/content/The+Federalist+Papers#TheFederalistPapers-10

>It will be found, indeed, on a candid review of our situation, that some of the distresses under which we labor have been erroneously charged on the operation of our governments; but it will be found, at the same time, that other causes will not alone account for many of our heaviest misfortunes; and, particularly, for that prevailing and increasing distrust of public engagements, and alarm for private rights, which are echoed from one end of the continent to the other. These must be chiefly, if not wholly, effects of the unsteadiness and injustice with which a factious spirit has tainted our public administrations.

>By a faction, I understand a number of citizens, whether amounting to a majority or a minority of the whole, who are united and actuated by some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adversed to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.
Why do you think so many religious people can’t conceive of morality existing without religious indoctrination? They can’t imagine someone doing the right thing out of empathy instead of fear of punishment (hell) or desire for reward (heaven).

I really think basic moral philosophy should be taught in public schools- it’s not about telling people what to believe, but rather giving them the tools to decide for themselves. The fact that the average person has little to no knowledge of even the most prevalent theories- Utilitarianism, Kantian, Social Contract (especially Rawls), etc. goes a long way to explain the state of America.

To my understanding most European countries do teach the fundamentals of philosophy, including ethics, in their public school systems. Perhaps they’re on to something.
Hope you watched/plan to watch incredibles 2! I don't think there's too much political stuff to read into it, but there's a touching scene about what to do when the laws are unjust. 

I think it's also important to start changing how we talk, not what we talk about. Check out this source.

>In the years since, a linguistic dispute has welled up on the  periphery of the highly charged debate over immigration reform – how to  refer to the nearly 11 million people living in the US without legal  residency?  
>  
>“**We don’t call pedestrians who cross in the middle of the road  illegal pedestrians**,” said Otto Santa Ana, a linguist and professor in  UCLA’s Department of Chicana/o Studies. “**A kid who skips school to go to  Disneyland is not an illegal student**. And yet that’s a sort of  parallel.”  
>  
>Santa Ana is among [many linguists](http://www.scribd.com/doc/108590424/I-Word-Statement)  who argue that **the phrase “illegal immigrants” is neither “accurate nor  neutral”. Other law-breakers are not referred to as illegal, making  immigrants an outlier in the naming system,** he said.  
>  
>...  
>  
>**The term “illegal immigrant” wasn’t widely used to describe a  population of people until the second world war, when the media began  ascribing it to Jews fleeing to Palestine without authorization. In  fact, it was Holocaust survivor and Nobel peace prize winner Elie Wiesel  who first framed the debate: “You who are so-called illegal aliens must  know that no human being is illegal.**”  
>  
>Beyond being inaccurate, **the current vocabulary used to describe  immigrants is polarizing, with politicians on the right preferring  “illegal” and those on the left opting for “undocumented”**, Santa Ana  said. **Instead**, he advocates for “**unauthorized**”, which he says  “**underscores that they should not be here without highlighting  criminality”, or simply describing the person’s immigration**. 

[https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/06/illegal-immigrant-label-offensive-wrong-activists-say](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/06/illegal-immigrant-label-offensive-wrong-activists-say)
This is what happens when you spend 50 years desacralizing everyday life. Constantly telling people god does not exist, existence has no purpose, there is no meaning. The left has been in control of the culture for longer than most people have been alive. So who is ultimately responsible for large portions of society no longer operating on secular Christian Morales? I mean once you declare Jesus not to be the son of God, it's only logical to declare that everything he taught is irrelevant. This is why when nietzsche said that god was dead, he was lamenting the fact. Because he saw what would become of man rasied on nihilistic atheism.
Why do you think they need the massive carrot and stick (heaven and hell) to keep them in line? If you genuinely believe something you don’t need to be bullied or bribed into following that belief.
Supply Side Jesus Christians need to twist the Actual Jesus's teachings in order to ignore the whole helping the poor and needy part. 

It becomes in their minds: Helping the poor and needy of the people I approve of, which are white conservatives. 

We need to expand their tribal identity from Conservative White Christians to humanity in general. 

And I have no clue how to do that on a large scale.
A government with nonzero issues is always a laudable goal, but balking due to that is somewhat disingenuous imo. Balking at the most fundamental aspects of society, PAYING for it, because it's not free of those things is essentially saying, I refuse to willingly go swimming until I don't get wet....at all!

Where is that line? Do you even have metrics for when you would stop feeling fleeced? Because This argument always strikes me as being a bit of a rationalization.

First, let me state unequivocally that we should ALWAYS be working to make government more accountable and upstanding. 

Ever share a house with others? Ever seen a housing arrangement with 3-5 people that is free of the issues we are speaking of on the smaller scale? Because every situation I've ever been in where there are more people than, well, ME, is wasteful with my time (meetings), wasteful with my money (leaving doors open and letting heat/cold out, etc). There is always someone skirting their dishes assignment or letting their scruffy assed shag-buddy live rent free for months or whatever.

It's human nature.

Again, always tighten, always clarify, always sift for graft. But you just very very rarely get that totally under control at much smaller scale even. And frankly it's that much harder when the party in charge oscillates to shit, themselves every so often. Because all the energy is going to de-shitifying, instead of tightening and graft policing. And even if there IS sufficient policing, there are going to be those who bitch that *that* is a waste. 

It's NEVER enough.

My request would be to examine if your expectation is entirely reasonable. Governments for hundreds of millions of people and made up of perhaps millions of people is going to HAVE shit in it. You need to fight that corruptions with us, AND come to terms with the fact that it will never meet your impossible standard. Because it can become a justification for a covert version of 'I got mine'.

Sorry friend.
Baby steps man. How are you going to convince someone that has no problem with baby jails, to care about critters they think about even less?
I know it’s a rhetorical question but many people would say no.
That same excuse has been used since the minimum wage was created in the 1930's and like trickle down it has never happened.
>Many people argue against raising the minimum wage out of concern for others, not because they don't care.


And many people are arguing against it *precisely* because they don't care. 

*This article was written explicitly in regards to those people, not the group you are referring to.*
[And is fundamentally incorrect.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/five-myths-about-the-minimum-wage/2013/04/05/d89b5fa8-9c8f-11e2-9a79-eb5280c81c63_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.d3fd1b1ef2fe)
You should.
You're wonderful!  Thank you!
Just gave $10,000, thank you for your strong message
Thank you!!!
Statistics. If you are polling the correct set of people, a very small number is actually very accurate in representing the entire group. Polls typically ask a few thousand people. And generally that does a good job of predicting what the entire country thinks.
National surveys only ask about a 1,000 people.
No no, people voted (not as many as could have). The problem is they were just standing in the wrong place, in the same country, because that matters for some reason.
Huh?
There's a reason why the GOP aren't turning on a man who could have been impeached 6 months ago.  Trump's base is strong, thick as shit sure, but they *are* strong.  Those numbers aren't far off reality.
Congress must have 2/3s agree to override the veto. Thats what some fourth grade video taught me.
What are you talking about?
They literally cry and demand to be fed and clothed and sheltered by other people. Literal parasites.
They sleep 18 hours every day the little moochers!
“Yeah, what have they ever done for ME!” /s
If they weren't before, they will be after a few years of institutional care.
That's why the government is taking them now to turn them into MJ-12 Supersoldiers instead.
Sad thing is, maybe they are now. It’s not like we can expect them to love the US at this point.
This is a real talking point.
Only if they are nurtured with hate and poverty.
And  [benefits bandits]( https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/washington-secrets/54-of-alien-children-teens-on-welfare-nearly-half-for-adults)
A wolf after the shepherd's flock, it seems...
It’s the job of their government and their parents to protect their children. Not the taxpayers of the United States.
Pro-life from conception to birth.  

After that, you're on your own.
Didn't he also say they need live babies to grow up to be dead soldiers?
I'm all for life till the bastard's born. 
After that he's out on his own. 
And if he does crime trying to survive. 
I'll make damn sure he gets electrified!  

-from the Mudhoney song F.D.K ( https://youtu.be/JcMrkzSJgI8 )
Holy shit are you for real? Link?

Edit: [found some info on it:](https://articles.mlive.com/news/grand-rapids/index.ssf/2018/06/additional_45_children_could_c.amp)

>Bethany Christian Services , a global nonprofit based in Grand Rapids that provides foster care, adoption, resettlement and other services, is currently assisting these displaced children.

Nothing about these kids being put up for adoption, just that they are assisting in getting the kids reconnecting with their parents.
1700s europe. Where priests "blessed" future slaves before sending them off to their doom
You mean like the current removal and adoption of tribal children? Or in the late 1800s, into the 20th century where they took the kids away and sent to boarding schools where they learned to be "American"?

Last one closed in the 70s due to pressure from AIM, and legislation protecting them from being legally removed to these schools finally passed in 75.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Indian_boarding_schools

Edit: link on the current

https://www.npr.org/2011/10/25/141672992/native-foster-care-lost-children-shattered-families
White people... fucking over people since the 1200s.
Just call it white people shit.
Talk to the "Stolen Generations" of Aboriginal children in Australia about how this all works out.
I believe one of the Fox personalities (maybe Laura Inghram) actually said they were like "summer camps" no worse than a "boarding school"
A lot are Catholic, though there's been a huge Evangelical push depending on the country they're from.  

If you're not familiar, Evangelicals no likey Catholics.
American exceptionalism and what is being discussed here are very different things I believe. In my mind, American exceptionalism is the uniquely free and strongly rooted culture of classical liberalism. In fact, I think a lot of what Trump does is the opposite of pursuing American exceptionalism. However, I admit this may be a more 'romantic' notion of the term.
It absolutely is nationalism.
Nationalism is pretty arrogant
It's not arrogance and greed.  It's Naziism.
Staying in your own bubble doesn’t guarantee that you’ll be close minded and xenophobic, but it certainly doesn’t help.  

Surely some people will go out of their way to learn about other cultures other ways like yourself, but I don’t think that’s the majority.  I think we are highly influenced by our sphere in general.

Traveling is just sort of an expedited method, but definitely not the only way.
Then make it a goal that in your lifetime, you will at least go travel once.
My ex-in laws were like this.  From rural Indiana, moved to Phoenix in the 70’s, and that was such a shock they never left, just worked their jobs at the post office until they retired at 75.  

We made them go to San Francisco once and I thought they were going to die of culture shock.  I can’t imagine them in another country.
It is probably worse in America than most economically advanced countries. Saying that no other country is worse is absurd.
Part of that is financial - I teach rural high school kids in Arizona and many (I don't want to say "most" but it may be accurate) have never been on a plane or seen the ocean because travel is expensive.

Another part of it is the USA is physically gigantic - where you are traveling to different countries in Europe, you're traveling to different states in the US. To drive from my home in AZ to my parents' in TX takes 20 hours, with the lion's share of that time spent crossing Texas.

But I'd also agree that some suffer from a lack of intellectual curiosity about the world. I dislike seeing all my high school classmates on FB staying in the same environment we were in at graduation 30+ years ago - same town, same religion, same opinions. Did you really expand your world so little?
What are you talking about?  I’m talking about enpathy towards people in general, who said I’m in favor of or am trying to justify overstaying visas, etc?

Total false dilemma logical fallacy, BTW, not supporting this monstrous policy doesn’t mean we’re for open borders, contrary to what Laura Ingram thinks.  

There’s a whole lot of reasonable enforcement in between those two extremes.
Preach!
This could be a supportive joke that I'm missing, but I want it to be very clear that it is not at all a clear reflection of what the parent comment was saying.
Bad analogy because a toddler breaks thing accidentally.  We are witnessing a 2 yr old in the throes of a temper tantrum.
Hopefully this is a big what not to do going forward then i won't scoff when i hear America..greatest country on earth
The Jesus they worship now:  At day, he's a heartless hedge fund manager.  At night, a shotgun wielding boarder patrol agent saying catch phrases after gunning someone fleeing from him.   On Sunday he goes to church for an hour.
"He also gave away food to the hungry without any conditions on them finding work and gave medical treatment to the sick without charging them anything. Definitely a socialist. I do like his ignoring the scientific theory of gravity when he walked on water, though." - GOP
He should take his hippy ass back to Mexico
Probably an atheist, too.  Most of 'em are, you know.
Yeah Jesus was pretty radically liberal.
Well, if their bible is to be believed, Jesus was providing free healthcare...
He even has a Mexican name
I'm an atheist, but I went to a Catholic high school and university, so I had to study the Bible extensively. One of the few, perhaps only, consistent messages in *both* the Old and New Testaments is to be kind and welcoming to strangers and refugees, regardless of where they are from. And yet, here we are, with supposed Christians using their faith to exclude and demonize people from other countries.
This is awesome! Sent this to my catholic mother who was trying to defend what Trump did.
> And do no wrong or violence to the resident alien

Wow, thats pretty unequivocal.
All that God stuff from the Old Testament doesn’t really count. 

The right selectively quotes Jesus; that’s not quite the same as citing scripture.
No, think he cited The Bibble.
Give unto the rich, for they are the job creators whose wealth shall go through them to rain down golden on their lessers. - Chapter 5, Verse 1 Book of Reagan.
Yeah, and Jews don't believe in Christianity, so *that* Jesus wasn't even a *real* Christian.
Sounds like a guy that speaks from experience, this brown guy. How long until the FCC pulls Fox's license under some anti-propaganda laws they surely have. I mean they can't just lie and twist everything for decades, can they?
More than that, based on that poem the Statue of Liberty has another name: Mother of Exiles.

Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,

With conquering limbs astride from land to land;

Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand

A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame

Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name

MOTHER OF EXILES. From her beacon-hand

Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command

The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she

With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.

Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,

I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
or "animals!"
And don't forget "if we let them in we won't be America anymore".
"But we're fine with *legal* migrants!"

-The right, during the election.
"Invaders"... responded to someone writing that nonsense in another thread.
that was always the plan.  it was never about just the criminals, or MS-13.  we said that from day fucking one when he came out and called mexicans rapists.  he was talking about *all of them*.  and his supporters knew.  and they liked it and agreed.  never take these people at their word **ever again**
Another one of the things he noted:

>Göring: Why, of course, the people don't want war. Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia, nor in England, nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.

>Gilbert: There is one difference. In a democracy the people have some say in the matter through their elected representatives, and in the United States only Congress can declare wars.

>Göring: Oh, that is all well and good, but, voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
I don’t get it. The GOP holds all three branches of government and have for a year and a half now.  But they are still stuck on blaming others for their failures.  Is that just the republican way?
It’s kinda gross that the focus is on industry and traffickers making money instead of, you know, the suffering of children.
Catch and release is the only financially conservative method we have. 

They just want to fucking line the pockets of private prison lobbiests.
> all of a sudden

> *something* people

> whole big con job

> run on sentence fragments “we’ve created - they’ve created - if you think about this”

> pointless pauses

> “it’s a disgrace”


It’s weird that without even attributing the quote you can tell who it’s from. The last sentence doesn’t fit though, it’s too normal. Maybe he was reading that.
Their quote literally says 'it's not like **he's doing this** to our people, these are people from another country'
I I think he's just mad he didn't think of it first. The kid smuggling fortune I mean.
Fox and everyone who works there are giant piles of shit.
These people deserve their cost living to be driven to  a point of it being near abusive.
Keep slapping these dumb tariffs on their stocks. Fuck them in the pocket.
Rip republican party
If Dems truly are to blame for this ongoing child crisis at the border, where are the statements of condemnation from the right?

Either the right didn't care about the child crisis at the border under Obama, *or* there wasn't a child crisis at the border under Obama, and the current one is caused by Trump...  There are people from the right who have spoken out about it, too.
> Now, all of a sudden, they’re big open-border people. It’s a whole big con job.

Haven't they been "open boarder people" for a long time now?
No no no you see I have this other quote from a 3000 year old king's scribe that was edited in the 1600's that says this is okay!  That clearly supersedes the words of the guy whose teachings our entire religion is established on!
I'm not religious, and I wasn't raised Christian. But your quote from the gospels got me a little in the heartstrings. 

It's a crying shame to see so many Christians forsake compassion like this. 

That said, there's a lot who don't. I have a lot of family by marriage that are churchgoing Christians, who really focus on being good people and embracing religious community. They all denounce Trump, vote for Democrats, and don't focus so much on divisive social issues. 

I feel like the term 'Christian' is used as much as a description of political identity as anything else in our public discourse - particularly 'Evangelical Christian.' And meanwhile, tens of millions of actual religious practitioners are effectively slandered by association, even if their politics is markedly liberal.
We are currently at stage 6. Stage 7 is extermination. This is a truly terrifying moment.
It seems you've identified one of the very few things that someone read to Trump & Friends (with benefits), when he/they had a moment capable of hearing something other than his own praises.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight_stages_of_genocide

I want Fox prosecuted for undeclared campaign contributions.  It's an obvious truth.  It wasn't "entertainment" or real news.  It was nearly a non-stop infomercial based on an agenda of seating Trump (and henchmen) as a totalitarian.
Republicans. The party of fucking children.
> what else are we supposed to do?

The same thing we do with defendants in the US. We use the least restrictive alternative to total freedom, that still ensures the person will show up. And that includes ankle monitors, in person reporting requirements, home arrest, among others and in any combination. Trump has made no effort to find less harmful alternatives. The aliens aren't even evaluated individually for flight-risk. When we're prosecuting a single parent, incarceration is generally avoided unless the charges are severe (which, in this case, they're not). And, whatever we do, we always evaluate the flight-risk of the individual.

> And also, I don't think they're being treated inhumanely 

As someone who works for CPS, I can respond to this with some authority. Removing young children from their families is inherently inhumane and damaging. A lot of research has been done on this, and even removal for a few days correlates with indicia of long-term emotional harm. And, what we in the business refer to as "congregate care" (i.e. group homes or detention centers) is the worst of all. So much so that federal legislation that will take effect in 2019 cuts off funding to states that use congregate care facilities to house kids. And its use is already down to the low single digits as a percentage of children removed, because the states have acted on their own. 

When ICE agents rip toddlers away from their families, an inhumane act has been committed. And when they're stuck in a detention center without familial attachments, another one has. Young humans, just like young mammals of most species, have evolved to experience a sense of terror when they're abandoned by their caretakers because they're so incapable of caring for themselves.

If you want an experiment to test this hypothesis directly, go get a six-week old puppy. Care for it for a week or so, and then see how it reacts when you leave the room and close the door.
> “Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”

That's the quote from Ducey I was responding to. I don't see a reading of his statement that doesn't imply that the level of compassion these children deserve is determined by nationality. His statement is pretty clear, I'd say. 

And you raise a relevant point about criminal prosecutions, and the children left behind. And I can respond to that.

First, we have to recognize the distinction between criminal prosecution and administrative action. Illegal aliens have, in the past, been dealt with administratively, for the most part. They were seen before administrative tribunals, with administrative due process protections, and faced with deportation if found in violation of our immigration policies. And there was rarely any need to separate families through this process.

Illegal aliens are also breaking a federal criminal law, even if they were rarely prosecuted for it in the past. We are now pursuing criminal prosecution as a policy. So we can compare this circumstance to the circumstance of criminal prosecution of lawful residents. 

When criminal charges are brought, illegal immigrants, just like citizens, are afforded a presumption of innocence. If the state doesn't want to deal with that, it can move administratively, instead. But if we're trying them for a crime, they're innocent of that crime until proven otherwise. So the only reason to detain them is if we have reason to believe they won't show up for court under less restrictive conditions. 

With no conditions at all (i.e. ROR), immigration prosecutions have about a 30% no-show rate, which isn't too bad by comparison to other groups. But if that's too big a risk, we can add conditions, like bail, or electronic monitoring (ankle bracelets), or house arrest, or a regular reporting requirement, or any combination of these things. They can also be housed at government facilities that allow authorities to keep a close watch on them, but which are amenable to full-family accommodation. The legal imperative is to apply the **least restrictive** conditions that ensure compliance.

In criminal cases involving single parents in the US, parenthood is typically a factor in pre-trial conditions analysis. We're loath to use pre-trial confinement, because it often results in sending a child into the foster-care system, and, unsurprisingly, we don't like to do that in the case of a parent who hasn't even been convicted of anything. And the presence of a child at home also makes it less likely that the person will run. So we usually apply some less restrictive condition, like the ones I described above.

So, viewed from the perspective of criminal process, family separation is indefensible for those who's only offense is immigration related. Outside of suspected murderers, rapists, drug-traffickers, etc., there's little reason why one of the many alternatives to pre-trial incarceration can't be used, and the analysis would be the same for parents suspected of low-level offenses in the US.

But this is all determined by judges. So, to get around all of that, it appears that we're hybridizing our approach. We're claiming administrative powers, that would allow detention by the Executive rather than the Judiciary, and excusing it with reference to criminal prosecutions, which would otherwise not justify detention and separation. And it's been applied across-the-board, and not with any case-by-case review of the necessity of doing so.

This is damning of the Trump administration. They simply have no reasonable explanation for doing this other than to deter immigration via the threat of child abuse. And that is why they're doing it, I hope (the alternative is that it's entirely gratuitous and serves no policy function at all). And no rhetoric needs to be cooled when describing their actions.
I teach high school history and explain why we study history the exact same way.
You could try telling them about the history quote: "Those who fail to understand history are doomed to repeat it."

I don't know if that is the correct quote.
You're not teaching social studies to the old white conservative voter. All you can do is have a positive influence on the next generation
Dr. Suess had a lot of WWII political cartoons you should check some of them out. 


https://imgur.com/gallery/w2Nuy
Yup. The guy who wrote fucking "Hop on Pop" was tearing a strip off the assholes doing this same shit 75 years ago.
Nationalism is an *old game*.
I wish we could just ship all these people off to an island somewhere and let them go create some not-society for themselves to live in. Like Australia, but for sociopaths.
>A segment of American society no longer wants there to be a society *filled with feminized dicksucks who can't wipe their own ass without government assistance and genuinely believe that the United States is just* the worst *to the point where they* can't even anymore *yet refuse to leave it*.

There.  More accurate.
Let them eat cake.
Or if he was not from multiple before he assembled
Then he returned to the phone to help the Trump 2020 campaign.
*Rafael
“I don't see why we need to stand by and watch a country go communist due to the irresponsibility of its people. The issues are much too important for the Chilean voters to be left to decide for themselves.” -[Henry Kissinger](https://abcnews.go.com/images/Politics/gty-kissinger-trump-jc-170510.jpg)
> You're not leaving any room for "citizenship" to mean anything.

That's not true.  
  
An American citizen has quite a few enumerated rights under the jurisdiction of the American government.  However "all persons" also have rights when under the jurisdiction of the American government.  To wit, the 14th amendment provides for due process of law.  
  
It would be hard to argue that what's been happening these past several weeks represents due process, as US jurisprudence has traditionally defined it.  
  
Surely the framers believed that all people are endowed of certain inalienable rights.  There exist some rather conspicuous writings that say so.
  
> to believe in borders and immigration laws.  
  
By the way that's a straw man argument.  In the context of "these aren't our kids" we're not discussing whether they have the right legally to cross our border, or whether they're immune to immigration law.  The conversation is about our ethical and legal obligations concerning what to do with them once they're here.
And exactly the America fox and friends care about...
Jew\*

Joseph got Godcucked.
[And a man born in Lyica ca. 270 was also white](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Nicholas)
An Atlas V rocket has about 200,000 kg of liquid oxygen in its first stage. That's 6250 kmol of O2, which takes up 140,000,000 L at standard temperature and pressure. Since human lung capacity is 7.5ish L, air inhaled is about 20% oxygen and exhaled is 15% and people breath roughly once per minute, that's 550 L per day. Assuming 80 years, each human consumes roughly 16,000,000 L of oxygen over their whole life, or 9 times less than a rocket launch to low earth orbit. I think it's a waste of oxygen to send _only_ one person!
Oh yeah, I forgot about that career-ending comment.
Yeah, but he's just shopping for another wife.
Is that why the leggy blonde is his new immigration mouthpiece?
I am generally more on the side of thinking this sub over reacts, but this whole thing is on another level.
>In family detention centers

What's the difference? Children can't be detained for more than 20 days, why does it matter if it's called a "detention center", or jail, or whatever?

This is a huge issue, and it would be best if everybody would stop pretending that it's so simple.

I don't know if I'm on board with the US being *responsible* for everybody what arrives at our borders, which is what you are describing. I'm not sure if we can be on the hook for providing room and board for everyone who reaches our border until they can be processed -- I mean, in the grand -- we spend $700b on "defense" every year -- scheme of things, sure we can do that, but we don't. We can also give everyone universal healthcare too, but doing things like this would require a complete re-prioritization of things in a way that is fundamentally ignorant of our imperfect political process. The result is not as easy to achieve as it is to imagine. And the undercurrent of everyone who uses the slightest bit of critical thought being accuse of racism or nationalism -- which thankfully you have not done here -- makes the prospect even more remote.
It's too bad Reddit isn't a place for discussion anymore.

/disableinboxreplies
I mean, that's why I'm asking. I'm out of the loop here
I don't know, did he? I'm out of the loop, that's why I was asking haha
Yes they are. They answer "white" for race, and "Hispanic" for ethnicity. They are absolutely categorized as white.
Not to mention FIFA itself.
There is some irony in the fact that FOX is hosting the Russian world cup.
https://i.imgur.com/iwwR3mv.gif
I'm getting by just fine not giving a shit about it.
Appreciate the link but my sentiment is more that Fox gets all the ads and broadcasts regardless of whether I or any of us watch unfortunately
gamers, *gamers*!
It's about ethics in videogame journalism.
Sadly, I cannot tell if you are serious or not. Have you hopped on the irc and actually looked at the ops?
"Fucking welfare queens" says the Real American™ (sponsored by Chick-Fil-A™) as she swipes her EBT card.
>Is he/she ~~evangelical~~ ~~fake Christian~~ a member of the death cult feat. Jesus?
'Pharisee' covers it pretty well, and Jesus had a bunch to say about them

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+23&version=ESV
The Neo-Nazis (see: the Charlottesville march) would love that.... until they find out that many of them have some non-white ancestry.

Meanwhile, I'm here 90% sure that my ancestry is 100% white, and I'm like "fuck all this ethnonationalist bullshit."
Not exactly...

Trump supporter: You believe in fake news!

Sane person: No I don't 

Trump supporter: Do you get your news from FoxNews

Sane person: God no

Trump supporter: AHA!
I realized to late i should have left that part out.
Like this?, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWphqA1Slrw
The American government has intentionally poisoned the bodies and minds of its own citizenry in an effort to make them easier to control. 

Now Russia is exploiting this in an effort to destabilize the US. 

Russia didnt cause this situation, but they are definitely involved in making it worse.
I first saw them on Nation Geographics gang series.

If i'm correct, MS-13 started IN AMERICA.... it is the US's problem.
They have been around since the 80's and have always been brutal. They are being brought up now not because they became more brutal but it's something to point at to create fear / confusion.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS-13)
We had a "MS-13 problem" in my area back when I was in highschool.
Really.. This year is the first I've heard of them. For a while I thought it was his new name for "deep state" like some shit out of Scandal.
Well I hate to tell you this but maybe you should be more aware of shit. It’s literally one of the largest and most deadly criminal organizations on the entire planet and has been for decades.
Then you're either very young or you've been living under a fucking rock.
Solid punch-up.
there are a few strong arguments to dislike Bagel Bits, but this isnt one of them.
Well when people let the advertisers know what they're doing it can be. Lots of companies dropped Laura Ingraham after she attacked the Parkland survivors
Not if you define Christian as someone who follows the teachings of Jesus.

The Bible is very explicit that foreigners and strangers are to be treated as native-born.  Mistreating these immigrants is the very opposite of being Christian.
"By their fruit you shall recognize them." - Jesus

Jesus defines who is Christian, and these people are not following his teachings.  By definition, that makes them not Christian. 

Jeff Sessions' entire Church just rose up and accused him of child abuse.  So some Christians are speaking out about this anti-Christian behavior.
That’s a good point, so I’ll amend my statement: Current atrocities are also not an excuse for Trump’s child abuse.
Wow...you were not exaggerating one bit, if anything you didn't do it justice. Not a single person prosecuted either.

[Johnston was on the ground and saw firsthand what the military was
 complaining about. "My main problem," he explains, "was [sexual
 misbehavior] with the kids, but I wasn't too happy with them ripping off the
 government, either. DynCorp is just as immoral and elite as possible, and any rule they can break they do. There was this one guy who would hide parts so we would have to wait for parts and, when the military would question why it was taking so long, he'd pull out the part and say 'Hey, you need to install this.' They'd have us replace windows in helicopters that weren't bad just to get paid. They had one kid, James Harlin, over there who was right out of high school and he didn't even know the names and purposes of the basic tools. Soldiers that are paid $18,000 a year know more than this kid, but this is the way they [DynCorp] grease their pockets. What they say in 
Bosnia is that DynCorp just needs a warm body - that's the DynCorp slogan. Even if you don't do an eight-hour day, they'll sign you in for it because that's how they bill the government. It's a total fraud..."](https://corpwatch.org/article/us-dyncorp-disgrace)

[...This same man, according to Johnston, "owned a girl who couldn't have been more than 14 years old. It's a sick sight anyway to see any grown man [having sex] with a child, but to see some 45-year-old man who weighs 400 pounds with a little girl, it just makes you sick." It is precisely these allegations that Johnston believes got him fired.](https://corpwatch.org/article/us-dyncorp-disgrace)
“We can only ponder one injustice at a time!”
it's never a straight line, right? Let's drunkenly stagger about, but more often than not in the right direction.
>show them compassion, but

No buts. Show them compassion, empathy and treat them like fucking human beings.
I think he chose Texas because of how conservative it is. The same for Idaho. They play it up to their base on Fox.
In their heads they're thinking "white", Idaho/Potatoes are white.
Why don't conservatives realize that just being a human on American soil grants you Constitutional rights?
Nice pivot. /s
Don't try reasoning with people like this, they just read the headline and nothing else. Waste of energy, trust me.
You don't need to put them anywhere other than a plane or bus back home if you don't create an idiotic zero-tolerance policy that requires border control to arrest and charge 100% of the adults who cross the border illegally.
What sudden increase? Everything I've seen indicates immigrants are nothing but a boon to our economy.
There's no sudden increase tho, is there. This has been a constant. There's studies on it if you care to Google it. 

So I repeat, why is this nonissue suddenly an issue for you? Why is it worth abusing children over?
Yes. A sudden increase. Not a steady increase over decades.  Which is what we have here.
Source that this is actually happening in America?
Did you also cover the demand side in your grade 8 economics class? More people = more demand for goods and services = more jobs, so while there are more people competing for jobs, there are also more jobs. This is basic stuff we are talking about.
Are you proud of what your country is doing now?

And are you seriously saying crimes are equal? Jaywalkers should have their children put in detention centres?

It's an embarrassing policy that makes America look like they're out of control.

And again, nobody seems to be able to say why? The reason is because none of you have a clue why this matters so much, because no stats or facts back up this horrid treatment of other human beings.
Go into detail about what is illegal about seeking asylum.
It's difficult for them to migrate legally if they're being wrongfully turned away at legal ports of entry, which forces them to try and enter the country illegally. Which is what is happening now.  
  
It's almost as if this policy is actually making the problem worse because we're not respecting the due process owed to immigrants by law.
There was no such thing as illegal immigration back then.
And the Declaration of Independence is a strongly worded letter.  
  
Your point?
You do realize the repercussions they fear and being turned away and miss treat by our government, being separated, not allowed to live normal lives without the fear of death. I’ve noticed a lot of people saying “just got to the entry points.” You think they are handing out smoothies and showing people through the doorway? These people are as desperate as a human being can get. They need help to survive.
Fuck them immigrants, my family came over illegally when it was the cool thing to do.  To bad their country is shit now and not 100 years ago like my ancestors country. Also how dare they not be white, they should just jump into bleach...
Go into detail about what is illegal about seeking asylum. Be specific.
At the time, to immigrate to the US you just had to show up and not have TB (and slightly later not be Chinese).

Instead the Trump administration has ordered asylum seekers to be turned away at the border when they tried to do what they are supposed to.
The numbers were actually down before Trump started this.

Not to mention. U.S. births [are not at replacement rate ](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/05/17/611898421/u-s-births-falls-to-30-year-low-sending-fertility-rate-to-a-record-low). Someone’s going to have to work to keep the county running as the population ages.
Buddy I don't know if anyones clued you in, but every major movement for the betterment of our country, from civil rights to the **very founding of our nation** has happened because *people broke the law*.
Go into detail about what is illegal about seeking asylum. Be specific.
No but that poem represents American values. Of course there’s not a cut and clear solution to this, but putting kids in fucking cages is not a “fucking brilliant” idea either
Well a lot of people think it’s cool to base a country’s policy off the bible. What’s the difference?
Better than a hat and a bumper sticker
Well we based out entire constitution and system of government off of an angry letter to a far off king, so I'm failing to see how this is different.
I'd like to see you write anything that could even begin to compare. Those words will be remembered long after everyone forgets you even existed.
Bsed a poem off the country's policy.  

Your empathy is as backwards as your intellect.
A poem that at one point accurately described what our nation was about.

"Fuck you, go home." should replace that poem, I guess.
A poem on a statue from France nonetheless
Cool story bro. Do you have any idea how immigration actually works? There's this thing called asylum.... maybe when you're old enough for your balls to drop you will learn about it.
Yeah it's just a shame the Native Americans weren't as strict on illegal immigration a couple hundred years ago. Might have saved the world a lot of hate and hassle.
Could you please share sources for how immigration is hurting our citizenry? I'm being honest here, no snark. If you have sources that show that immigration is actively harming our citizens I'm willing to listen.
Blaming Obama isn't an excuse for Trump's child abuse either.
Yes
So your solution is to *invade Mexico*...
>We have taken over countries for much worse reasons

Invade Mexico is the answer, not helping families with children get to safe locations. How could the richest country on Earth possibly afford to house asylum seeking families, the lowest crime rate and hardest working immigrant group that crosses the border? Impossible I say! Invade Mexico because they have cartels. Please do not look at the rampant gang problem in the US and that we are driving the demand for the drugs through bad opiate and drug policies.
They support the cartels.
So wrong in many levels, tell them to go here to seek asylum then shut it down.
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/immigration/trump-admin-discussed-separating-moms-kids-deter-asylum-seekers-feb-n884371

Funny how everyone forgets where our founding forefathers came from
What laws are asylum seekers breaking? Please, be specific.
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/immigration/trump-admin-discussed-separating-moms-kids-deter-asylum-seekers-feb-n884371

https://www.humanrightsfirst.org/blog/asylum-seeking-families-too-are-being-separated
Because they're not asylum seekers, they're economic migrants
What law states they need to seek asylum in the first country they come to?
... extra strict = throw everyone and their children in concentration camps.

https://i.imgur.com/WRSz5bI.jpg
Yes and I advocate for marijuana legalization for that and many other reasons but the cartels will still have a lot of power even if pot is legalized and that really doesn’t have anything to die with separating the families of illegal immigrants and the conditions that these kids were placed in
Hu, never even heard of that and it does seem like there is a way to help her. Fair point and thanks for the info
Its based on the old rule called beggars dont get to be choosers. If you are genuinely fearful for your life, then the first safe place is a safe place. Be grateful you are now safe. Now that you are safe you can worry about happiness and if living in the US will make you happy then go for it. Legally. By applying for it like every other immigrant has to. No free ride and no front of the line passes for you, there are too many people who have spent years applying for the priviledge of being apart of this great country and you can put in that same effort if you want that same priviledge. Being an American isnt a human right. This country doesnt owe anyone anything. If you want to join us then prove that you deserve to. Show us why you would be an asset for our country to have, otherwise you can stay where you are and improve your country from within.
So are the kids victims or are liberals victimizing them (lol), I can't keep it straight in your post.
Wow cam down...talk about triggered.

So liberals victimise people, treat them like victims, and the right dehumanize them, treat them as less than human...oh gee I wonder which is worse?

And yes they *are* victims in some cases. Not all, but some. But you are so very quick to assume guilt or badness on the part of them.

Fuck 'innocent until proven guilty', huh?

And as YOU have nothing but childish insults and temper tantrums, I'll just set you to 'ignored'. Bye now.
It's a civil infraction. Is it really an outrage?
Right. Got it. Go be a fascist pig somewhere else. Kids in concentration camps. For fucks sake. You guys are garbage.
Or maybe that’s what we believe our taxes should go to, and we’ll vote out the politicians who do not treat there fellow human being with a little bit of dignity. Also conservatives seem to be very patriotic except in situations like this where it’s inconvenient for you.
>nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to **any person within its jurisdiction** the equal protection of the laws.

Fourteenth Amendment, Section 1

The Constitution agrees with the poem.

How's that for a law?
Gotta love the knee-jerk appeals to absurdity coming from the alt-Reich these days. You people are **d e n s e** if you think the only options for asylum seekers is a jail cell or living in somebody's house. Your mentality is actually hilarious if it weren't so common for people to be this brainwashed.
The people that you let in and feed and shelter become the innovators and money makers and soldiers in the next generations. Tolerance for immigrants has been shown time and time again in history to be extremely worthwhile for the absorbing nation state. Intolerance for immigrants, has, however been shown to be a vast mistake, and is one of the main contributing factors that led to the fall of the Western Roman Empire.
No, it's not a law. It's the spirit of America. We are a nation of immigrants. And that diversity is what has made us strong. Immigration has always been an issue. The Irish would fight with the Protestants, Germans vs English. All white people. Boats of people just pouring in. No documents. 

Like most issues, if we sit down as Americans and actually talk about this we can come to an agreement. We all value a good work ethic. And we all value integrity. We can create a path of immigration that let's people earn citizenship.
Gotta love how many 'Americans' are getting so triggered by a famous saying on the **Statue of Liberty**.
“A just law is a man made code that squares with the moral law or the law of God. An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law[... ]One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws”
https://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html

Slavery was a law too, as was segregation. The Nazis were "just following orders"

And as far as your logic regarding taking migrants in - you are essentially barring a large portion of the American population from having their voices heard, whether it be due to economic constraints, mental health constraints etc. - would you really like the curtail the rights of free speech?
oh pooky, hush
BLM has been trying to explain how that is currently still happening.
The thing is it’s not these immigrants are seeking asylum legally and are being prosecuted. During this time there kids were being detained.
He's being facetious
I know right?  What the fuck?
The government works for us.
Sure, that's what regulation is for.

So it sounds like you're saying the government is responsible for the behavior of U.S. citizens and residents (the "our" in your comment) but not for the behavior of undocumented immigrants and refugees. 

Wouldn't the only logically consistent solution then be for the government to either *a)* do nothing at all, since it's not their job, or *b)* deport, without detaining, in cooperation with the government of the country of origin?
Can't ask for asylum until you're on US soil.  The embassy does not count, and you cannot legally request asylum there.  The ports of entry are turning away thousands before they can set for on US soil specifically so that they cannot request asylum. That's why the checkpoints on several bridges have moved to the precise line of the border, in the middle of the bridge, away from the processing buildings on the US side.
this is just a lie. they are seeking asylum legally. stop it
>Illegal re entry is a felony.  

Ah...so then you are suggesting that the parents of the children who have been confiscated by our government are all coming back for a second time?  Got proof of this?
Yes, it should be respected. But wouldn't you risk your life to save yourself and your children's lives? They are coming to seek asylum. They are being detained for seeking asylum. They are being held while trying to flee, and are running into just as bad a situation, by a country, who has always been one to help, not hurt.
You need a law to tell you that forcibly separating children from their parents by the thousands, not telling any of them where they are going or what is happening, losing them in the system, keeping them from receiving basic care, and justifying it based on paperwork is inhumane? You. . . .live a very strange life. It's like those people that wonder where non-religious people get their morality from. I don't know about you but I see no morality in ruining people's lives for something so petty.
Humane or inhumane isn't decided by a law, but by our values. The law does not determine what is ethical. The law should be ethical, but it is not inherently ethical. If keeping children in cages is fine with your values, it's very revealing.
International civil rights
aww you sweet summer child
Sir it's not instant. Not only do they not give enough but they keep cutting the amount and services they give.
Shrugs...you are the one praising their policies.  

Funny that you mention mafia though...given that a lot of the justification for treating the kids this way has been along the lines of, "break the law, and your family will pay the price."
You tried to (poorly) misconstrue Kilmead’s point to make it seem like the author of the article was the hateful one, when its just Kilmeade.

None of the American children that exist here are your kids either.... don’t be asinine. You’re just okay with the abuse and internment of these children because theyre brown and Mexican. Would you even be okay with a six year old who was born in Idaho (since these are your kids apparently) being placed in a cage over a misdemeanor offence? “Emotional terrorism” pretty much puts the nail in the coffin for your shitty worldview. Trump and his camp came up with and executed this family separation policy as a political stunt to justify his desire to build a wall.  So, if you want to blame someone for emotional terrorism blame him and his administration.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard: When children learn to devalue others, they can devalue anyone, including their parents.
It helps them sleep at night. Goddamn sociopaths
There is no perfect solution and I'm outraged at the inhumane way they are being treated and separation of kids from their mothers. And if the stories are true about kids being abuse, that isn't a good look for us.
It might be a good idea to read up on the topic of asylum so you don't have to guess.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asylum_in_the_United_States

Someone fleeing persecution is by definition NOT an illegal immigrant. We are breaking the law when we treat the former like the latter. There is a significant challenge in sorting the two out. I'm not pretending that it's  easy.

We also have significant responsibility in **creating** the instability that is leading these people to flee their homes. Our foreign policy choices have helped to make the bed we are laying in.
1.) *We have a procsess to get in america why do it illegally?*

The process is slow, confusing and woefully broken.

2.) They are criminals. Yes they do have rights thats why we deport them and not violate the human rights act

The current issue is not about deportation. The argument is about the centers they are being kept in, the taking of their children, and the promises that we have broken. 

3.) How do they pay taxes if they are not in the system by being here illegally?

You can pay taxes without citizenship.. 

4.) So come here legally

Many are! Asylum seekers and those in the legal immigration process have been caught up in the "zero tolerance" policy. 

5.) Deporting them is not horrible ways. Any other country will and has done the same exact thing.

Deportation is not the topic of conversation, the kids being taken from parents, put in cages, being drugged, handcuffed, etc. is the current issue.
The process they're using is to seek asylum. But (contrary to international law and treaties we have signed) they are being turned away at border crossings- USCIS won't process them.

So when they cross elsewhere, because they're effectively stateless now, then present themselves at a border entry *as the law demands*, they are arrested, labeled criminals and families are torn apart.

This is *by design*. Unlawful border crossings were *down* before this policy went into effect.  The choice to eliminate prosecutorial discretion and treat *all* asylum seekers as criminal was unnecessary- we had been housing families together for their legal proceedings, at less cost- both monetary and moral.

The Trump Administration made an intentional choice to implement a "zero-tolerance" policy that resulted in this shitstorm because they *wanted* to be cruel. They *wanted* to inflict pain, suffering and fear. 

They knew it would play well to their racist base- and it sure as hell has. They knew they could say they were just enforcing the law and the authoritarian lickspittles would eat it up like manna from heaven.

In the meantime an unnecessary policy has resulted in irrevocable harm to children, families and our national moral fabric- not to mention our standing as a world leader. This policy has hurt us in many ways, and continues to do so.

And *none of it was necessary*. It was simply a way to be cruel because they could.
I'm fine with people here illegally being sent out of the country.

I'm not fine with separating young children from their parents to do that, and I'm not fine with sending people who've been here since 2 and primarily speak English away (i.e. the Dreamers).
the people here are those awaiting determination of their status, will they get asylum or will they be deported.  During that time they have to be somewhere... how should we treat people waiting for that determination, and should we take their children away while we do so?
These aren't bank robbers. These are people who crossed an imaginary line.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/6/5/17428640/border-families-asylum-illegal

Some of them are being blocked from doing that.
It's almost impossible to get asylum from outside the US, and a lot of the people being detained are seeking asylum at these official ports of entry
It’s not amazing, it’s rational. All people are naturally good at assessing cost versus penalty. A minor misdemeanor for getting caught the first time is totally worth the risk. In terms of incentives and penalties they’re no different than a hedge fund investor. 

“These people”, as if they’re some unionized hive mind working as a mass collective. Please, they’re just individuals navigating a series of rewards and penalties to survive like every normal person on this planet.
do you know the asylum process, like the entire US justice system, it's hopelessly backed up.
It's much more expensive and less likely to do so legally. Most refugees and undocumented immigrants simply don't have a legal path available to them. They don't have a work sponsorship, they don't qualify for asylum due to our restrictive policies, they can't afford college to apply for a student visa, and they don't have $150k min to start a business here. As someone who's family migrated here legally, it's insanely hard and we got lucky, but I completely understand the people that aren't so lucky because we were very nearly illegals because our lives we're in danger in Mexico.
It’s cheaper to take a free stab at it. Then if you get caught you save money in Mexico and pay out to a coyote. You’d never get in America with that weak ass will of yours.
Dumping?

Again, complete contempt for immigrants. If you can’t be a human about this then at least be rationally pragmatic.
I would gladly trade them for you and everyone like you.
So at what point does punishing CHILDREN become ok?

I can seriously see how people let Hitler get away with everything he did. A blind following. I hope when this administration is over that all these people defending the abuse of children realise their mistakes and are ashamed.
> dumping grounds

Comparing actual humans to piles of trash. 

Subtle.
We should take down the Statue of Liberty then.
Wait, is South America not Western now? Or did you mean to use some other 'W' word?
Yes yes...we know you don't know think it is a big deal to confiscate children if you break the law.  So again...when do we get to confiscate the baby of my neighbor, who by your logic, should have his children taken away?
[No, this is definitely a Trump thing.](https://splinternews.com/border-patrol-says-yes-were-definitely-keeping-kids-in-1826915586) Why do you fall for every piece of propaganda the regressive right puts out?
Theft is "logical" to the thief. 

Poisoning the water supply is "logical" to the corporate polluter. 

Genocide is "logical" to those doing the exterminating. 

The list goes on and on. History is full of people who committed crimes and argued that they were simply making the "logical" choice. Villains often believe they are making the logical choice, and it's logical to them. After all, it's easy to be "logical" when you're not the one suffering. When you're the one staring down the barrel of the gun held by someone who sees your death as "logical," then you might understand why "logical" is not synonymous with moral.
If people CHOOSE logic over compassion for children who cannot choose not to be traumatized, then they don't deserve my compassion.
Arguing in order to commit human rights violations means you have zero argument and it doesn't matter what you say. You've lost.
Oh, for fuck's sake. You hypocrites don't give a shit about your fellow Americans. Your party doesn't do a goddamn thing to help them. If anything, you're actively hurting them. So you can drop the charade.

> The billions we spend every year as a result of illegal immigration could be spent on our OWN citizens. Think of the improvements to healthcare, education, and infrastructure we could all enjoy.

Half of our bloated defense budget could do a hell of a lot more for our citizens than the insignificant amount we spend on illegal immigrants. At least they provide cheap produce. What does another F-15 provide? Creating more enemies every time we bomb them?

If you're so upset about wasteful spending, how about going after Trump's golf trips *that he also profits from?* There is no illegal immigrant in this country who has been subsidized by taxpayers as much as Trump. You are completely full of shit.
Right, our government is going to invest in education. Lmfao. What Republican hasn't looked at education and just gutted the shit out of it and then turned around and said. Oh we are just cutting out the fat and making the education system more efficient. Code for "now you gotta share books"
The US is the primary reason so many countries in Latin America are destabilised and dangerous. Yes, it's your fault. Take responsibility.
You don't give a fuck about any of the citizens that require those things and your posturing only serves to highlight your moral bankruptcy.
>The billions we spend every year as a result of illegal immigration could be spent on our OWN citizens.

And yet you vote Republican every election so that this very thing you claim to want explicitly does NOT happen.

Get the fuck out.
Jail immates are fed, safe, and have access to educational materials too. 

[Here's a picture of children in school. In the Warsaw Ghetto](http://www.yadvashem.org/yv/en/education/lesson_plans/images/ghetto9b.jpg). Do you think those kids should have counted themselves lucky?

If this administration were serious about halting illegal immigration, they would simply keep these families together, put them through expedited removal proceedings, and be done with it. Instead, they're building a stash of bargaining chips to force Dems to vote for his immigration reform plan. [Trump himself has said as much](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1007972046666690561?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2F2018%2F06%2F16%2Fpolitics%2Ftrump-separation-families-negotiating-tool%2Findex.html).

>No, you will be happy with nothing less than an open border where anyone who wants to come to the US can just waltz right on in.

That is not a position I have expressed or endorsed. Argue in good faith or stop wasting my time.
Don't be a sucker. They don't want amnesty - they want what we have without all the effort and work it takes to make an awesome country.  They can stay in Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, or even Mexico.  Nope, crash the party and complain the way the bouncers treat them.  You can get on the list buddy, vamos estupido!
It was wrong when Obama was doing it, but one of the few things that Trump isn't being called out for is the huge increase of civillian deaths since he took office. So, that illustration of hypocrisy falls flat.
I agree the 2 party system is horrible its more of a what can make my party look good as opposed to whats good for the country
I agree and I'm a Dem. People all over this country, myself included, should make it a bigger part of their lives to know what kind of politicians they are electing and what kind of politicians they are when they become elected. 

I still think that this is a huge issue that is long overdue and that Trump isn't handling this well in the slightest. And that the people attacking these immigrants because they are doing it illegally are doing it irrationally, from a place of ignorance. I can have both opinions that Obama fucked up and Trump is fucking up.
Nope.
Remember when the US was built by unwelcome, criminal invaders and almost killed off an entire population? Quit acting like we are so much better then everyone else.
>Use child abuse to disincentivise asylum seekers

How can you not see that you are the one on the bad side here?
What the fuck is these people? Regular people looking for safety? Oh my god the horror. Oh no the demographics, mediocre douchebag might lose their jerb.
Conservative radio is claiming that the refugee children are being used to camouflage murderers and rapists posing as families - and that’s why it’s good to separate the kids from these terrible people.
Damn Coyotes trying to come into America, time to deport all dogs in the dog family
"We all ~~float~~ vote down here!"
Immortal Crossdimensional Fear-Eating Death God 2020
'I never thought Pennywise would eat MY face,' sobs woman who voted for the Pennywise Eating Children's Faces Party.
Hah is he pro life to keep his food supply plentiful?
The deadlights are stephen miller's eyes, aren't they?
The onion needs to write this article.
damn..
I always had this dream as a kid... but then I come bursting in commando-style with an M60 and mow down the drug cartel who is murdering everyone.
I think another part of it is they're just not getting the sex they desire, they're kind of like incels in a way. If they don't get laid, then no one else should either.
It doesn't even make sense religiously, nowhere in the Bible does it say anything about abortion being bad, and even then Jesus wouldn't want you to condemn people you consider "evil".
Religion is a much a cover for the bigotry as anything else.
There are pro-lifers who care about wanting the baby to survive. But most pro-life groups don’t want women to have consequence free sex. If the goal is to prevent abortion, the logical strategy is to prevent pregnancy, i.e. birth control and comprehensive sex ed. If a group is pro-life and also anti birth control/sex ed, then they are anti-women-having-sex. I am pro-life in that I think abortion is terrible. However, I am very much pro contraception and pro comprehensive sex ed. Legally speaking, I am pro choice because I recognize that sometimes abortions are necessary, and legislators are not the ones best qualified to make that decision. I will err on the side of freedom. I think abortion is wrong, but I see that the most vocal pro-lifers care about sex not babies.
In the interests of remaining civil, I respectfully request that you show us any anti abortion groups that are also pro contraception? (I honestly couldn't think of any)
Correct, it is about people wanting to make women second class citizens and controlling them in any way possible. Make women lose their humanity and self identity while submitting to others. The punishment for sex for anything but pushing out children is but a small part of the overall reason why Republicans care about fetuses and not babies/children.
Not that your answer isn’t incorrect, but can you please tell me why it’s not purely about the ramifications of women having sex? We do not offer any support other than WIC and some tax breaks to people having kids. How do the pro-birth advocates protect the children of women who couldn’t care for or did not want a child?
That's where you're wrong kiddo
So The First Lady is a fetus?
The little people do. At the top it's useful for keeping us distracted.
This is the first believable explanation I've heard. Republicans already have issues with getting primaried by more extreme right wingers
I'm saying they "sided" with immigrants for decades (or didn't even think of them as any kind of issue), until suddenly it felt like a switch was flipped about it in the Bush years. Lou Dobbs being on CNN can't have been the only reason for this complete sea change on the part of the GOP.
I only gave you an upvote because I love nothing more than bad jokes
That joke has rarely been as accurate as it is currently.
Ha ha ! Forwarded from Jim . Love , Dad .
🅱️ilarious
*sad trombone*
Conservatism.
"Both sides are the same!"
Did you watch the show Brad Neely had on Adult Swim? They feature heavily there. As does Baby Cakes.
yep. 

The craziest part to me is how often we see stories of ICE doing huge raids on like meat packaging plants or factories... "ICE raid gathers over 100 workers from such and such a company..." 

Can you imagine losing 100 employees in one day that you weren't planning on losing? This is such a stupid way to go about things even *outside* of the fact that it is arguably morally bankrupt. 

The US is crumbling before our very eyes
Like Melania Trump did. Hopefully they get her
Hurrdurrr there aren't gas chambers yet so any comparison to the Nazis is completely without merit and baseless.....

Even if the GOP is mirroring the Nazi rise to power.
My point is that "poisoning the well" had been a known logical fallacy since at least the sophists of Ancient Greece, and your comment was a bright and shiny example.   Get it?
> That is objectively false.

Sure, if you ignore their objectively anti-semitic members like Henry Ford, Avery Brundage, and Charles Lindbergh.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moral_foundations_theory
But they aren't that party, and haven't been for a long time. They're just the party that cares more than the other one. For a long time that's been good enough, but all this time they've been moving to the right to appease the middle, and now the democrats are basically what Republicans were 30 years ago and Republicans have moved so far to the right they barely resemble a political party anymore.
The problem is the Dem rhetoric has been 'Why are we paying for these rural money sinks?'

If we want to show everyone that we _really_ care about everyone.

We need to care about the Republicans too. 

No matter how hard they piss us off...
unfortunately democrats are increasingly being overrun by regressive leftist who believe that consideration should be given based on race and that less consideration be given to people based on melanin content
>Democrats need to show everyone in the country, in straightforward terms, that they are the party that cares about everyone’s quality of life

Well, as long as they're not unborn or brown-while-NOT-illegally-crossing-the-US/Mexican-border.

While I'm gratified to see some awareness of the plight of these poor families, it's largely being seized upon for political gain, at least by top Democrats.

None of these people are pro-life. They didn't care that the Clinton admin starved a million Iraqi children to death or threw black American youth under the bus. Or when Obama was drone-striker-in-chief, continued Dubya's wars, and was downright deportation happy in his first term.

Sorry, but both the "Coke **AND** Pepsi" of American politics have a problem with credibility. They just pander to different causes and prejudices.

Democrats are just as willing to bankroll "American Prosperity™" with the blood of Innocents as Republicans. They just do it wearing the right mask for those such as yourself.
They care about everyone’s quality of life by degrading some of ours to improve others is what you really mean
Imagine believing this
The other thing that is infuriating about the whataboutism especially with this one, is I don't give a damn if this is Trump or Obama policies. These are kids.
Calls to action don’t drive clicks/ad revenue.
Dude the last 7 days alone have been unbearable because the response to the news of child concentration camps has been to frame it as a fucking debate starting with, "Well, shouldn't ICE detain immigrants?"

That's our starting point. It's exactly the same political position as whenever Syria comes up, "Well, shouldn't the US conduct airstrikes against terrorists in Syria?"

How about: Fucking no. That's where I want to start the debate from. Let's not form a debate over the imagined necessity of imperialist and/or authoritarian actions. Let's not entertain people who demonstrate zero compassion for anyone not sharing their religion and skin color.
Really? All you got from that piece was "I dont want to argue with republicans anymore"?
It’s pretty hard to talk sense to these people. 

How do you convince someone who wholeheartedly believes in a completely different set of “facts” to change their opinion? Their mind is already made up. 

This is the world we live in. Arguing with them is getting us nowhere. Facts aren’t doing it either. What do you suggest we do?
There's more to her argument there and you know it.
>if it can also help everyone without detriment then why not.

yea, I think this is the issue that people have, the fact that create fair and just laws that support people is an afterthought to what donors want. this isn't something anyone should settle for and just leads to more corruption.
Where is it written that it has to be this way though? I believe in capatalism, but also believe we should work for the benefit of the society as whole from purely practical reasons.

I want a good healthcare system because this means that people will be able to live and work longer thus they'll be able to create more wealth and pay more taxes. I mean if I own a huge business this would directly impact me as the longer people live the more they'll be using my products.

I want a good education system because this means that the average population will be smarter and thus more likely to elect people who would pursue smart and sound policies rather than putting somebody unfit in the office who would ruin things for all of us.

I want people to be paid fairly for their labor because the lower income disparity means less social tension. I don't want a spontaneous comunist revolution which is what would happen if you abuse the people for too long. basically I want to be able to walk comfortably around the streets.

Basically I think willing to put aside some of ones income makes sense from a purely practical point of view if it helps creating an all around better society.
Oh, there’s a way. [Social Market Economy.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_market_economy).
Tell me then, why do conservatives donate to charity an order of magnitude more than democrats?  Because democrats don't really want to help, they just want to exploit for political gain.
No, most of them don't want to hurt other people. Most of them have simply been convinced - largely by Republican politicians - that the *other people* want to hurt *them*. They say "Foreigners are coming to hurt America. Vote for me and I'll keep them out." They say "Poor people want to take your money. Vote for me and I'll tell them no." They say "Gay and trans people want to corrupt your children. Vote for me and I'll stop them."

They generate fear, then use that fear to worm their way into power. It's that simple.
I agree. Maybe empathy does have to be taught. I specifically remember my parents teaching me to empathize growing up, anytime I ever complained about someone they always told me to think about why the person acted that way or what they might be going through. I always assumed it was something that was a basic human instinct, but I guess on some level it has to be taught or learned through experience like everything else.
When I was young (teens) and still figuring stuff out religiously I used to Tell people "I believe in God but not hell or the devil." I never liked the idea of being scared into following something, it felt so coerced. I decided that if I wanted a honest look at religion that was the only way. I found that I hated organized religion.
What impossible standard? I’m not saying we can rid ourselves of all of it. I don’t even think we try. I grew up in Boston and it was an absolute joke.  I don’t have a metric. I don’t need a number. I just need to know someone’s trying and investigating and enforcing. You start pointing to ridiculousness like we keep seeing with Pruitt and people laugh at it or are outraged. No one does anything about it. 

I lived in a 7 bedroom in London prior to moving back to the states in December. Some of my roommates were shitty but we all paid the same regardless of our income so that’s different.
That's not my point. I agree with you that the minimum wage should be raised, but if you think the right way is to pretend people against it are evil, then you're going to find yourself ineffective at changing people's minds.
Are they a significant proportion of the population? Is that what's stopping our ideas? Otherwise it's just a straw man.
That's wonderful!  No child should be incarcerated.
No, thank you for the call to action. Sometimes it's easy to forget how much we're really going to need to do to make this happen, or say "there's plenty of time, I'll do it later." There isn't. And that's how we got here. So seriously, awesome job, and thanks!
Surely you could find a more reliable source, preferably something from a .gov site. For all we know that thinktank is cooking data
Same with currently-pregnant and postpartum mothers, and children. GOP budget proposes to do all sorts of crazy things.

>Despite SNAP’s modest benefits—which average only [$1.39](https://www.cbpp.org/research/food-assistance/chart-book-snap-helps-struggling-families-put-food-on-the-table#part2)  per person per meal—**the program’s effects extend far beyond helping  families put food on the table. Research shows that SNAP’s long-run  positive impacts include** [**improving health outcomes**](http://www.nber.org/papers/w18535) **for infants and new mothers and boosting kids’** [**educational attainment**](https://www.cbpp.org/research/poverty-and-inequality/economic-security-programs-help-low-income-children-succeed-over)**.** The program is also a major engine of job creation, with every $1 billion spent on SNAP [supporting](https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/poverty/news/2015/04/13/110861/proposed-congressional-cuts-to-nutrition-assistance-would-cost-jobs/)  nearly 11,500 additional jobs. By enabling cash-strapped families to  purchase food, SNAP benefits create a ripple effect through the economy,  supporting jobs not only in stores such as groceries and retailers but  also in upstream industries such agriculture, food manufacturing,  trucking, and warehousing.  
>  
>...  
>  
>**Finally, the House budget’s cuts to  nutrition would affect other programs as well, targeting infants,  toddlers, and schoolchildren. In spite of evidence showing that  low-income kids get up to** [**50 percent**](http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/about/news-room/opinion/2014/01/28/the-state-of-school-nutrition) **of their daily calories from school meals, the House budget** [**further limits national school meals program**](https://budget.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/HBC-Res.-Rpt.-FY-2018.pdf)**s  in schools that serve many poor children**. This would make it harder for  these schools to deliver free and reduced-price lunch to their  students. **The budget would also further restrict eligibility for the** [**Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children**](https://www.fns.usda.gov/wic/women-infants-and-children-wic)  **(WIC), which provides nutritious food, formula, and educational  services to pregnant, breastfeeding, and postpartum women and their  babies.**

[https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/poverty/news/2017/08/08/437168/house-republican-cuts-nutrition-assistance-harm-families-every-state/](https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/poverty/news/2017/08/08/437168/house-republican-cuts-nutrition-assistance-harm-families-every-state/)
[Potato quality, but here's the bit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZijLQGH1v0)
Here in Canada we had boarding schools we sent brown people to. It fucked them up multigenerationally and they're still paying the price for our hubris.

But we thought that indrocrinating First Nations children with our wonderful whiteness (literally called it taking the indian out of the child) was brilliant.

Learn from our mistake, America. It's a REALLY REALLY BAD IDEA.
What you're describing is the charming, comforting view of American Exceptionalism that gives me warm feelings at times. I'm afraid that feeling is at risk of disappearing permanently.
Uhh I don't know about you dude but I'm the child of first generation immigrants from the Middle East and Latin America respectively and I have traveled a lot too.

The more countries I see- from Singapore to Switzerland - actually turned me over time from a communist to a pan-nationalist. Not exaggerating. An urbanized modernist global borderless world sounds like Hell.

If we actually care about diversity and I mean REAL diversity we should be protecting the traditionalism of ALL peoples everywhere from Danish villages to Tibetan monasteries. Not blending everything into a homogeneous caramel among depressing gray skyscrapers. Even """bland""" mixed white Americans should have their own culture to venerate that isn't like listening to Nickelback and Evanescence while eating Taco Bell. That's not a real culture.

Surely that is not an unreasonable position?
In fairness, people like that exist all around the world in the same ratios. They're just less likely to exist in the cities and towns *we visit* cause most of us don't visit the Rural Indiana of .. Spain.

I've been very lucky to spend time in those kinds of places in a few countries. Met folks that never left their country, even region. Hell, some of 'em never seen a white guy before. Most folks were kind and helpful and curious. Some even invited me into their homes so they can share their culture/cuisine with me. They ask all sorts of ridiculous questions - but out of genuine interest, rather than judgement.  Others tended to be a bit more suspicious and even hostile, but become polite and warm once you actually talk to them and break down their misperceptions.
isolation and ignorance has become a badge of honor to some in our country

:HAHA Why would I go to (country); Why would I ever go to that (city):
What are some examples of this reasonable enforcement?

How do you think we should deal with people who are not authorized to be in the United States?

How should we handle people who try to cross the border illegally? People who overstay visas?

When, if ever, do you think deportation is the answer?
It is a supportive joke. Perhaps with too much Reddit sarcasm thrown in. 

My intent was more to say that like everyone else in the world, I did not choose my skin color or country of origin. I am not special because of it and it's not an accomplishment to be it.
Really well said and fucking sad but true. I used to dislike republican policies and now I’ve grown to dislike republicans. At least the trump version of a fake Christian Republican. That they invoke religion to defend their child abuse is about the most despicable act I’ve seen.
SUPPLY SIDE JESUS!!

[http://www.beliefnet.com/news/2003/09/the-gospel-of-supply-side-jesus.aspx](http://www.beliefnet.com/news/2003/09/the-gospel-of-supply-side-jesus.aspx)
And he don't take no shit from no damn pussy libruls.

I bet this Jesus has a tattoo of an american flag with an eagle and some chrome skulls around it.
Please. He goes to church for an hour on Easter or Christmas. The rest of the Sundays he watches football.
Beautifully and horrifically said
"Are you telling me Jesus Christ couldn't hit a curveball?"
"That should be the slogan of the catholic church, "It's an hourr!"" But yeah, these guys don't live the words of their god.
>  On Sunday he goes to church for an hour.

Unless NFL or NASCAR is on
Evangelicalism is just belief for beliefs sake.  They are not interested in following Jebus's teaching just as long as you profess belief in Jebus.
Someone post supply side Jesus...
It reminds me of that supply side Jesus video with Al franken.  

 I have it favorited on YouTube if you want I can pull it up for you.
Supply side Jesus
The EconoChrist
this is a great post
Jesus had some disasterous economic policies..
if the real life Jesus came back to life, they would want him banned from entering the country
That Hayzus fella should get kicked back to Mexico! MAGA !  /s
Fellow Catholic School survivor (still practicing though). It's because most people never read the Bible, or do so with such an agenda that they drown out any messaging that doesn't align with their aims. The Bible has a lot of good and a lot of bad in it, and if you focus on just one or two passages, you can lose the entire meaning of its message:

Be. Really. Nice. To. Everyone. THE. END. 

Unfortunately people ruin everything and religion is no exception.
In the Bible, Sodom and Gemorrah were destroyed for their treatment of strangers. Two angels, disguised as humans, visited the town and Lot took them in. The townspeople mobbed Lot's house and demanded that he hand over the visitors so they could beat up and rape the visitors. The towns were destroyed because that was standard treatment for any stranger in their land. (It's a misreading of the text that their destruction had anything to do with homosexuality.)
I keep waiting for a Christian Left to re-emerge.  Some of the most successful progressive movements in the past have used an appeal to conscience, as well as the more progressive parts of scripture, to back their claims.  We are due for it again.
Even Muslims learn this. Hospitality toward foreigners is FUNDAMENTAL to many cultures around the world, from the ancient Greeks and Celts, to the Middle East, to parts of Asia and Africa. It predates Chistianity. It's the basis for modern tourism. It's just plain right, and even if you only care about yourself, protecting and providing for the foreigners in your care makes you look strong, rather than weak.
https://i.imgur.com/TYNHrbb.jpg
That's because the modern idea of citizens of a nation-state is, well, modern, as in "19th-century Europe" modern. Before that, while the concept of "territory controlled by a single political entity" has existed since antiquity, the idea that the people living within a given territory were unified in any sense by being members of that territory has only sparse support in the historical record (e.g., Saxon English identifying as men of England to fight the Danish invaders during Alfred's kingdom), but it was more like for people to see themselves first as members of a tribe or people, and subject to a political polity second.

When the Bible was written, in Antiquity, that would have been even more so. Israel and Judah were kingdoms that were constantly being conquered by foreign powers, but the Hebrew identity of themselves as a people never changed. So to say that the Hebrews had something we might consider a modern national border would be crazy; your average Hebrew knew his village or town, the next few over where he was likely to find a wife, and had heard about the distant cities like Jerusalem or Damascus. A Roman governor, for example, knew the extent of the province of Palestine he was to govern, but if you asked two shepherds on each side of that line where they lived, one wouldn't say "Asia Minor" and the other "Palestine." They'd say, "Village A" and "Village B," whatever those were at the time. For a Biblical author, "immigrant" meant roughly the same thing as "probably not kin to me."
Hospitality is still sacred in those parts of the world. Guests are treated, well, as guests. It's a marked departure from the suspicious, distrusting alienation of the west, the 'land of opportunity'.
Bible instructions unclear. Dick stuck in choirboy.
Not quite sure how you get that message from the Old Testament, but you’re 100% right about the new.
I guess it’s not really the fact that we hate the immigrants/people themselves , I think most people have negative perceptions of immigrants because there a lot of illegal immigrants which cross the border then they steal jobs and act like they are entitled to be here , I have no problem with legal immigrants (my family and I are Legal immigrants from South Korea)  and I’m sure the majority of others are as well, hell, the roots of Canada and America are based on immigration and independence, although it breaks my heart to see kids being separated from their families , if we keep letting immigrants in without proper registration etc , it has a high chance of jeopardizing many aspects of life for American citizens
Praise be.
Rapists even.
"Infesting our country"

"Breeding out of control"

"You have to take out their families"
Or insects or disease, since they "infest."
We aren't the America we were 3 years ago.  It all went downhill when Trump announced his candidacy.
They like legal immigration because [it's an inordinately difficult path](http://reason.com/assets/db/immigration-flow-chart.jpg).

Virtually no one on the right advocates making legal immigration easier, even though so many problems of the current system can be traced to the difficulties people face trying to enter the country in a safe, legal way.
Narrator:  They're not
How about illegal biomass?
> and in the United States only Congress can declare wars.

This was, of course, before [The War Powers Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Powers_Resolution) of 1973 that lets the President act in an essentially unilateral fashion if he wants to deploy troops.
That guy Göring was a genius.

Am evil genius, obviously. But a genius nonetheless.
It's the party of personal responsibility, what did you expect?
> Is that just the republican way?

yes, they are obstructionist with obstructionist goals and policies, so they can only blame "the dems" for their own shortfalls.
None of them expected to be in this position after the 2016 primaries. They expected, like everyone else, that Trump would be destroyed, and so they didn't bother actually forming coherent policy. 

We can see that probably most clearly in their years' worth of calls for 'repeal and replace'; they never bothered forming a plan because they thought it'd be wasted effort, and the Republican's central talking point of Obama's Presidency turned out to be arguably their biggest failure of Trump's presidency. But repeal and replace is only the most obvious; they really do seem to not have a plan for anything. I don't buy for a second that they didn't plan to separate families, that's a load of BS, but they very clearly didn't give a moment's thought to the public reaction to it. Even the tax bil, which just *barely* managed to be passed, was handled disastrousuly from start to finish. 

They are obstructionists at heart. They did it for 6 years with Obama and now they have no idea how to govern.
> But they are still stuck on blaming others for their failures. 

The Republicans will continue to blame others regardless of their party's successes or failures.  Right wing ideologies require a constant stream of propaganda to maintain their supporters' unwavering loyalty. They must keep their base in a constant state of agitation and establish the perception of victimhood.

To accomplish this, the right contrives a panoply enemies and  controversies, such as 'the war on Christmas' and the insistence social media persecutes 'conservatives' with censorship. These enemies and controversies serve the purpose of convincing their supporters they are isolated and powerless, and, simultaneously empowered by the party's ideologies.  This dichotomy must be established and maintained before they are able to supervise their supporters' perceptions and opinions.  It is also a dichotomy abusers must establish before they are able assert total control over their victims.

The Republicans understand blame is one of the keys required to ensure their success.    
They will never cease to point fingers.
It's why a narcissist like Trump is perfect to represent them - he can't understand why things are his fault so he projects, gaslights, plays whataboutism games, shifts blame, and plays the victim. Anything to not take an iota of responsibility. The republicans now just have to follow suite and their entire party is now one big narcissistic mess.

The bad thing about it is that they'll never be able to look at these issues through any other lens but their own
Well according to my Dad they apparently don't control the house or the Senate because you need more than a majority or some nonsense like that so maybe thats the approach right wing media is taking now.
They have to get Democrat votes to pass a measure through Congress, and they aren’t trying to get them.
"Government doesn't work! Just elect us and we'll prove it to you!"
Yes.  It has been since I've been alive.
Well senate rules require 60 votes. You can’t any legislation passed without reaching across the aisle.
The sense of victimization stirs the fear and anger that animates their orc-hearted base.
They're looting the place behind the scenes and giving away billions to big business.
It is after all the party of child incarceration and shirking responsibility.
It’s how a two party sytem works.
They are evil, and must be annihilated as a political force. That’s all there is to it anymore.
[yes](https://imgur.com/a/6w6Fs1z)
Just wait until after the midterms.
Blaming others is how an autocracy is built and power is maintained.
The UK prime minister still blames 'the last labour government' for anything and everything. Her party has been in power since 2010.
Nope. It's the incompetent or unethical way. Choose one. 

Republican or not it's a different story.
Now you see why a party who’s whole identity is to be an opposition party can not sustain when it is the majority party.
But they don't have all the power.

What they're saying is give them all the power, unchecked, and they will solve it all. This is how fascists work. Always the victim.
It's because the democrats are unwilling to bow and scrape to his whims. Don't you know that everyone in congress should do exactly as he wants to be good at their jobs. After all, don't they only have a constituent of 1 to please?
The GOP is MUCH better as an opposition party as opposed to being in the Majority.  I think we should oblige them this November.
I think I would rather take the blame for what's going wrong in the country than to see the hate fueled policies they would pass through if they ever got their act together. Like, all adults are indefinitely detained in for-profit prisons, all children 6 to 18 are put to work making crafts to sell while housed in for-profit tent cities, and any child not old enough to wipe its own ass is just launched back into Mexico via a giant catapult.
just a reminder of what they care about.
They're always looking for someone to blame and punish, not someone to help.
Oh, an industry is definitely making money. [It's just not the traffickers](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/06/20/cost-us-immigrant-detention-trump-zero-tolerance-tents-cages.html). 

> Just look at GEO Group, one of the country's largest private prison corporations. It donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to a Trump-aligned super PAC, hosted its annual leadership conference at one of Trump's golf resorts, and just after Trump's election — its stock soared. Its shares have gained more than 8 percent this year.

>In ICE's FY 2018 budget, it says a "Longer Average Length of Stay (ALOS) will also drive the need for additional detention beds." Now, GEO Group officials say they expect earnings to rise with increased immigration detention time.
And their evidence that ALL of these kids are being trafficked?

The people coming over the border are brown, so something MUST be illegal about it!
Nah, they’ll use that too when convenient.
>Catch and release

This is a term for fishing, not detaining families of human beings.

The fiscally conservative solution is not detaining people.
Well we've been an open border country since we existed
No?
When its translated by a sane linguist-theology expert:  "Help the children of all men and embrace them in the cage of your heart"
Thanks for saying this. :) As someone who's more of a Democratic Christian it can get a little depressing and tiring.

It's exactly the same as saying all Muslims are bad just because some guys flew two planes into two buildings. A small group does not represent the majority.
I really hope the US can sort itself out. Looking in from the outside is extremely scary just now.
No we are not, that's hyperbole and it distracts from the real danger that Trump and his policies pose. I'd say step 1 1/2 or step 2 at most. **Classification** is definitely happening (they are illegal, they aren't refugees, they are criminal foreigners, etc) and this classification is being used to **dehumanize** these immigrants.

**Classification**- we have classed illegal immigrants (and to a lesser extent, immigrants as a potential target for abuse

**DEHUMANIZATION**-The examples of dehumanization are obvious. A short list includes characterizing these immigrants as criminals, rapist, wanting to change our culture, not the best, gang members, human traffickers, rapist, murderers, and the most obvious, animals. Fox News, Brietbart, and AM radio certainly play a big part in the propagandizing and fomenting dehumanizing sentiment; however, it must be noted that while the dehumanization is widespread it has only been partially effective. Many within the United States are vocal about speaking out against use of these dehumanizing terms and most Americans do not accept this false characterization of immigrants. with that said, it seems that too many Americans for comfort have adopted that dehumanizing attitude, as such I will claim two steps on the process of genocide.

**SYMBOLIZATION**-No effective symbols have been used to identify illegal immigrants from the rest of the population. Speaking a foreign language in public is not reliable due to the high number of second and third generation immigrants citizens in this country and high rates of bilingual people. Individuals may try to attempt to use language as an identifier but for the reasons stated above, this is largely ineffective. Skin pigmentation and other physical characteristics doesn't work for similar reasons, clothing style is too diverse and seemingly contradictory, too uniform to serve as a symbol for identification. While things like traditional cultural dress can be used this can easily be changed into something quite common as well. Furthermore, the diversity within our culture doesn't allow for any particular "style" of American dress.

**ORGANIZATION**-Organization refers  to the actual organization of the genocide itself and there exist no evidence that any form of organization for a genocide has begun. ICE units do not count as genocidal units and if ICE were preparing to carry out a genocide there would surely be defectors that would leak out what ICE is planning. To suggest that any department or bureaucracy is organizing for a genocide is laughably Alex Jones level conspiracy territory.

**POLARIZATION**-Polarization refers to a system of attacks and retaliatory attacks that polarizes the population into two distinct binary groups and does not refer to political or ideological polarization. To suggest this is happening is again tin foil/Alex Jones level of bullshit.

**PREPARATION**-Preparation refers to the actual preparation of a genocide. Although a few ideas such as the publication of immigrants that have committed crimes could be considered preparation, this was not actually implemented. Detention centers be used as a staging ground for a genocide and seems to fit the criteria as such, but there exist no evidence at all that is the purpose of detention centers.

**EXTERMINATION and DENIAL**-Obviously the genocide itself and the denial in it's aftermath have not happened so I will waste no more words on those issues.

If one looks to the section about preventing genocide at each step the US public seems to be doing a decent job of not letting these early steps get out of hand.  At most, the US has engaged in two steps, **classification** and **dehumanization** although I'd argue only 2 steps of the genocidal process have been accomplished however one could argue only 1 1/2 steps because dehumanization has only been partially successful. 

Here is the link tio the 8 stages of Genocide that we are referring too, I suggest that you read it as it is quite interesting: http://www.genocidewatch.org/images/8StagesBriefingpaper.pdf

TL;DR the guy I am responding to is full of shit
...Step 6?  Really?  I must have somehow missed step 5, polarization, which is when different in-groups start murdering each other en masse.

This type of hyperbole is not helpful.  It's the same as Republicans saying, "Obama is gonna instill Sharia Law!"  Yes the state of our nation is in generally bad shape, yes migrant children should not be separated from their parents and locked in cages, yes the Trump Administration is downright awful.  But step 6/7 of genocide...c'mon now.
Thanks for the response! I understand that it's a shitty situition, but I'll just have to disagree with you on it being "inhumane". Sure, its not good for the kids, but it doesnt make the US inhumane or responsible for torture (as some are suggesting in this sub). And as for the ankle brace thing, it sounds like a decent idea. Seems like it could be easily exploited though. Also, what home could these people be placed under house arrest? Aren't they coming here with nothing?
>I don't see a reading of his statement that doesn't imply that the level of compassion these children deserve is determined by nationality.

I don't think "compassion" is the qualifying principle of this issue. We're really talking about legal and financial exposure and responsibility. I lack no compassion for these people who, for the most part, are refugees of our drug war. But unlike compassion, reality has bounds and finite resources. "Compassion" in this sense, is the left equivalent to "thoughts and prayers". "I'm going to feel really bad about this but I'm not going to do anything but post on Facebook about it."

I am not arguing about how these people *should* be treated. There are enough people crying about that -- though I'm not sure if it's a reaction from this news or from them patting themselves on the back too hard/often. I'm more interested in the nuts and bolts that have actually precipitated this outcome, which you've done a fine job addressing.

>immigration prosecutions have about a 30% no-show rate

This is the crux of the issue. I'm seeing everything from 50% to 10% no-shows. IIRC, i heard on NPR last night that ICE claims 10% no-shows. There are two minds about this: ICE is a bunch of racist gestapo assholes, so if they say 90% of the people which are released to the interior show up for court, then it must be true; or ICE is the agency responsible for making sure that people are processed accordingly, a higher no-show rate reflects poorly on their performance.

10% no-show is in the realm of pragmatism, but 50% is in the realm of getting played for fools and basically not having immigration laws. If 50% of the people who come here can just float on through then we shouldn't even bother, it's just discriminatory to the other 50% who did what they were supposed to do and showed up in court.

>The legal imperative is to apply the least restrictive conditions that ensure compliance.

Yes, but as you pointed out, "ensuring compliance" is a bit of a subjective subject. Is 50% compliance good enough, is 90%? I don't like the idea of anyone in the world simply being able to show up at our border and being let into the country only to hope they show up for their hearing. That said, I also don't think immigration is a serious economic or security concern in the first place, it's more the principle of the matter and the exposures and liabilities we create when we take custody of people.

>And no rhetoric needs to be cooled when describing their actions. 

I was objecting to your rhetorical strategy of claiming that we're throwing children in jail when technically speaking we're throwing adults in jail, which leaves us with children which come under our custody.

>They simply have no reasonable explanation for doing this other than to deter immigration via the threat of child abuse.

It's arguably cheaper at face value than dealing with the problem. Asylum claims went up 10-100x in 2016. Unfortunately we humans live in a world of politics. And our nation is full of people getting excited because they got a "free" large fry with their purchase of an $6 cheeseburger. Perceptions are reality in our political world. You start giving every immigrant an iPhone so they can check in and people are going to start wondering why we're handing out free smartphones to immigrants when we don't even support our own citizens in such ways.

While in our custody it will be our responsibility to provide food and healthcare, something our own citizens don't get -- it's not hard to imagine why people might not appreciate this. You don't have to agree with such views, but ignoring them and dismissing them out of hand is what cause the reaction that gave us Trump in the first place.
who would have thought doctor seuss was a raging racist against the Japanese. I know it was common at the time, but Jesus.
And also [dehumanizing Japanese citizens on the West Coast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Powers_Resolution) in support of internment.
paging /r/australia
Tasmania?
I hear there’s a lot of real estate opening up in the Arctic...
That is correct. Despite his many faces, he is one being and not several.
*Teduardo
War criminal
/r/theydidthemath
If only Hillary had said half the shit Trump said, then maybe conservatives would grow a soul just to spite the librul.
Well his current one was an illegal immigrant on a chain visa sooo....basically everything he is worried about right? 

But then, I dont really care. Do u?
If I'm not mistaken, the rumor is that she's John Kelly's side piece.
(the irony of a dude whining about reddit not being a place for discussion and then disabling inbox replies is just... is *tremendous*)
Ah, good for you arguing semantics in support of racism and the abuse of children.
And the fact that all the stadiums for 2022 Qatar World Cup is being built by actual slaves. 

https://deadspin.com/german-tv-program-shows-qatar-slave-conditions-more-fi-1702124833
Don't forget the North Korean slave labor that built the stadiums!
that looks so relaxing...
That was a little bit of peacefulness that I really needed reading this thread.
I'm just speaking as an outside observer. I'd be happy to be wrong.
were you not around for gamergate at all
Said the Utah corn farmer.

I grew up in the time that that term gained popularity and hate the fact that as soon as I read that term I pictured a fat black woman.  This is how affective the racist right wing propaganda was with creating that dog whistle.  I am no dog but I still hear that whistle, imagine how loud it is for actual dogs!
So, evangelical.
Fox News told me those were Muslims.
Another thing to consider is that these people are indigenous people of the continent.     

So the rest of us are really more recent immigrants than all of these poor kids.
Thanks for the math and response.  ;)

BTW Trump has not actually built anything in a long time.
God sucks to be in the comment section
Yep, it started in LA.
Right? Most people get involved with MS-13 while in prison. And that means they are already citizens.
Nah, it’s just not a real national issue. They have zero presence where I live.
And Fox just kept running Laura Ingraham at a deficit until everybody forgot and the advertisers came back. Fox is extremely powerful and has moneyed interests at their backs. We have got to go deeper.
I was just sarcastically answering. But your answer was very enlightening. Thanks!!
Prosecuted? Trump proudly hired these people!

Let us all NEVER forget how Trump sees the world - countries who have been trusted allies for literal decades, the U.S Constitution, the free press and his democratically elected opponents are enemies to be hated and attacked while dictators, murderers and *actual pedophiles and child sex traffickers* are close trusted friends to be given every damn benefit and bit of praise possible :/
The message is not lost on me.  That doesn't mean I can't criticise how it was delivered.
Funny he should pick probably the second whitest state after Utah.
Then they come right back. Deal with them right away I say.
I’m talking like, in the situation we just say fuck it and open the borders to anyone wanting to come over.
It has increased a lot though. Roughly 4 or 5x what it was in the 70s. Not a sudden overnight kind of thing but a lot. Also... abusing kids? I'd think subjecting kids to "coyotes" is much worse than a facility where all their needs are met.
This is simply an invalid argument. You're not "forced to enter the country illegally" because some ports of entry are overwhelmed. You can apply for citizenship like everyone else. My parents waited years for citizenship before coming to the US.
We didn't write policy following the poem because it's a moronic poem

Open borders would be fucking moronic
That poem was about Europeans.
My ancestors were encouraged to move here by the people in the US at the time, because the US was still expanding and developing the country. Only an idiot would make this type of argument thinking that the US hasnt changed after all that time. Oh, and throw in that we must be white and racist to show how far up your own ass you are.
"oh, uh no sir, I uh..., I'm seeking asylum but I lost my papers"
Go into detail about how the asylum process is totally secure from people crossing illegally and then claiming they wanted to seek asylum. Be specific.
Do you have a link for the asylum seekers being turned away? That sounds interesting.
But muh hatred and hypocrisy!
Every situation is different, you can’t say oh they broke the law over here so it’s ok to break the law over here. That’s just idiotic.
You are telling me everyone coming across illegally is seeking political asylum? What persecution are they avoiding? As far as I’ve seen it’s been running from drug cartels which is their own governments issue.
There’s no such thing as “American values” except whatever you find convenient to argue at any given time.
And that is also dumb. I would agree.
Wow. Did you slip into a coma during civics class? It’s pretty hard to get something that wrong but you sailed right over that bar. Bravo sir
[removed]
You can’t see the difference between a conglomeration of complaints based upon years of previous abuses being compiled and sent to the controlling monarchy in a desire to separate and stay in the land they were already developing 

Vs

A cute poem added after the fact to a statue??
Lol you really think this is an argument for soft border control? They'd be a lot better off if they had had the necessary resources, will, and resistance to European diseases. Now they barely exist 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
You just played yourself with that argument lmao
They tried actually, but they lacked both technology and unity to prevent people settling on their land. Unfortunately they were one of the last few people that had to deal with being conquered for their land which had been done countless times over the millennia.
You know he can't..... But I'm sure he'll scour Alex Jones website to find some or the most innovative and intellectual talking points!
Again, can you tell me how he was abusing children?
What's your solution? Open up the border and let the US become Mexico?

I am living proof that other countries like Canada also do seperate families for long periods when requesting Asylum/Refugee status. It sure beats fear for your life everyday.

I do hope Trump works on re-uniting all kids with the families. That is the inexcusable part. However, don't act like some of these people are using kids as a way in, often kids that aren't even theirs.
There is literally no place to put them. What about that do you not understand?

Arrest them for illegal entry? Too inhumane.
Put them in a temporary place until they are deported or granted asylum? Too inhumane.

No, the only answer you will accept is a free pass into the US.
NBC? Lol fake news 

/s
Crossing the border illegally is....illegal. Seeking asylum does not exempt you from following laws.
Someone asked what US citizens could do to stop the cartels. 

Advocate for an end to the drug war. Vote for politicians who follow suit
Ahh so you are making shit up, gotcha.
Please cite the relevant law you're using to base your opinion off of.
Yes but not the kind of victims you're supposed to care about.
What an elitist, garbage response. His response was not a sign of being triggered. He brought up some valid points, tried to meet you in the middle, it broke your brain and you immediately silenced something that didn't agree with your ideology.

This is not a good look the left has been having recently. Try to have a discussion and immediately be called a Nazi/bigot because you aren't buying the leftist agenda in it's entirety. There are a lot of people that are in the middle on these issues, that do see some value in both sides and your are alienating them.

You'll probably be pissed by this response as well, and that's fine.
Oh I am triggered. What does the term illegal mean to you? I know first hand that illegal is not always bad, but it is illegal. My point is. Oh my god. My point is that these people who came over as illegal immigrants took on the fucking risk (no matter how much of a saint they are) to come over to a country where they are not welcome! To a place where they are illegal! Already is the guilt! 

You’re telling me that this is Donald trumps fault? That they are being detained for being illegal and their kids are being put in these awful places and it’s the presidents fault. Not the parents at all? How is that childish? It’s very serious. 


If anything the childish thing to do would be to cry about a big bad man with his big bad rules like you people are doing. If there’s one thing becoming an adult has taught me, it’s that life isn’t fair. Also, you either ‘get’ or you ‘get got’ and these illegals tried to get and now their poor children are getting got. 

Like the reason I am so triggered about this is because I don’t think it’s right AT ALL. I think what is going on to these kids is FUCKING HORRIBLE. I would be on your side but your blame is so misplaced that it just completely turns any rational thinker off that’s like if someone breaks into your house and sleeps in your living room and just makes babies right there in your house without your consent and you call the police and get them arrested and then the whole community blames you for that parent losing their kids. Like it just makes no sense you people are so jaded and wrong that I would rather be on the side of Johnny law in this world.
They are not here legally and if their presence is just a civil infraction even when they kill people like that poor Kathryn Steinle then when they get detained and their poor children are taken away that is just due process of law. 

Like fucking wise up these illegal immigrants are so much more than civil infractions, they are possible murderers and rapists. I know so is everyone else right? The difference is we are on the grid, we are citizens so we are (supposed to be trusted) and able to be a part of this country. So are the immigrants who go through the proper channels to come here. Illegal immigrants are the problem. Whether there needs to be a new less painful immigration policy or what solution is yet to be determined but one thing I say without a shadow of a doubt is the illegals need to get the fuck out.
it's clear you have no argument besides "the children" and calling people names
Don't be dumb, the only law that matters is the wrong interpretation of the 2nd amendment.
Asylum seekers? 

How is this determined after they've crossed the border illegally and are indistinguishable from an economic migrant?
Why are you acting like we don’t let anyone in? We have one of the highest rates of immigration of any country in the world.
Yup, and middle class America isn’t refilling the gene pool with their erectile dysfunctions and 1.5 kids. 

A nation is built by productive bodies and immigrants both legal and illegal are the fuel to that fire. It doesn’t mean we should have an open boarder but the immigrant needs to be respected for the contributions they have and continue to make.
This just... is patently untrue. Generally, more homogeneous countries are much safer and more developed than multicultural countries. Compare Japan or Norway to Brazil or China. 

Either way, we already let in a shit ton of immigrants legally. That doesn't make illegal immigration okay.
Name me three “innovators” that were Mexican immigrants to this country. This is a bunch of shit. If they were true “innovators” they would be successful in their own country.
Something like 8 unarmed blacks have been killed this year, compared to something like 16 unarmed whites...if the goal was to get rid of blacks at this rate, it would take only 8,125,500 years.
By what? About 15 black people shot every year unjustifiably? Wow. Huge numbers there. Racism has been continually going away since slavery was outlawed. It's not getting worse
Embassies and consulates are sovereign US ground, dont come at me with your fake news.
Yea, they got arrested and charged. Or are you wanting the immigration records?
some of them aren't not even mexicans, why don't they stop at mexico? are they so sure that their lives would not be saved in mexico that they must come to the U.S.?  it's like those migrants ruining europe when their neighboring countries, like the Saudis, have more than enough resources to help them
I do agree with the detention centers, its a bit much. It just bugs me how people can defend this when basically every other country handles it the same way. A lot of the times worse then what we do.
But then that just supports illegal immigrants to have kids here so they get free citizenship. I dont support the detention camps either.
A border. You mean a border. So ask yourself this. Whats mexicos policy on illegal immigrants?
Do you have a source for this. I was under the impression that the only ones being detained were illegal immigrants.
“Registering a car takes too long so lets drive without a permit.”
[deleted]
Its not really fair to those countries, 

But I hear Nazis make great bookshelves.
Yes... until you find out these new people, too, have different opinions than you, and then what will you do? Keep replacing them until you find people who agree with you? 

Fortunately, you don't get to make these kinds of decisions; fortunately, we don't live in a terrible, unjust system where our countrymen get kicked out because people like you don't approve of what they say.  
I'm sure you can find one of those regimes if you so desire to go and live there- but we don't do that here.
Well if your neighbor goes to jail someone will have to take custody of their kids, what is difficult to understand about this concept?
You're playing off your emotions again. You're generalizing people who think logically as if they are these people who don't have compassion. It's illogical to generalize.
El Salvador Slums:
http://www.elsalvadorperspectives.com/2010/04/el-salvadors-slums.html

Detention Center:
https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/immigration-border-crisis/trump-admin-s-tent-cities-cost-more-keeping-migrant-kids-n884871

Oh, now I see the similarities... and you talk about arguing in good faith...

As to keeping families together, Obama did that but the libs sued until he could only do it for 20 days... they got what they wanted... he released them after 20 days... welcome to America.
Sure, white person in the middle of America who has never experienced daily violence a day in his life, tell us exactly what they're experiencing, I'm sure you know exactly what they intend on better than they do. After all, the TV has told you for years what to think. Don't deviate and think for yourself, be a good boy and keep pushing those points.

Don't worry, your shitty decisions in life will bring the same conditions here. It's already happening. Maybe soon you'll be able to seek amnesty too, but then again it's not like you've ever had to experience that level of hardship in your life.

I'm not a sucker, I've been in Central America. You think that walking 1k miles in the desert, which kills a sizable amount of people that don't even make it to our border, is them being "lazy looking for a handout?" Fucking laughable. The President can't even walk down the street without a cart, and people like him and you think hispanics are lazy? I've seen what it's like, you need to travel and actually experience it to wake up. You're pretty much a North Korean at this point, the best part is you probably think they're brainwashed and laugh that they think in America we still have plantations and daily military parades.

[http://www.newsweek.com/how-north-korean-children-are-taught-hate-americans-632334](http://www.newsweek.com/how-north-korean-children-are-taught-hate-americans-632334)

You're the North Korean equivalent of an American subscribed happily to propaganda to tune out the crippling reality of your decisions. After all, you wouldn't want to feel like you were wrong would you? It would make you question your very core and that's not comfortable. Easier to just slip into the hypnotic state and dance when told. It's pathetic, and I truly hope that one day you'll be educated, but I'm not sure how to educate you on compassion. Your parents should have done that, and it is clear they either failed or you've slipped too far into Cult 45 to care.
And if this many Democratic supporters had stood up to Obama on this issue instead of idolizing him, maybe we could have gotten him to end the war and then Trump wouldn't have inherited a war where people are needlessly dying.
> I can have both opinions that Obama fucked up and Trump is fucking up.

And that is where I am coming from too, but I don't think that it is solely the politicians to blame, it is the the 2 major parties that are corrupt to the core, and our political system that continues to fail the American people. Everyone keeps using issues like this as a chance to say the way we stop things like this from happening is by voting for Democrats in the next election, and sure if the Democrats get elected they will end this policy, but they create new worse policies. If Hillary Clinton won the election, who know what evils she would have done. Bill Clinton bombed the largest pharmaceutical plant in Iraq causing thousands of people to die from lack of medicine and babies to die from lack of baby formula. He introduced racist mandatory prison sentences that targeted black people, he bombed both sides in the Yugoslavia war. Voting for Democrats in the next election wont fix anything, we need to change the system, and we don't do that by voting for the people that benefit the most from the current system.
Yes, and how did those illegal immigrants work out for the Indians? Don't repeat other people's mistakes.

And that is why we have to stop these f@ckers by first sending them to jail for 5 years hard labour, and then deport them back to where they came from.
I’d say I’m on the rational side
I've heard that one to... You can see how easy it would be to them jump to the next logical conclusion that all of the children are simple paid actors who are working for MS-13 or the liberal media
Ted Cruz?
But then there's logic to the evil, that probably makes him libertarian.
Stephen Miller is one of Pennywise's children that didn't get squished.
Eh, it's more about controlling that the person being born will more likely be similar to them. If you're born and raised under the same doctrine these people live by, you're less likely to threaten their way of life, politics included.

Or if you're born into a situation with parents who are not prepared for a multitude of reasons, theres a good chance the socioeconomic deck is stacked against you and you'll be more easy to manipulate. You can be a faithful cog in the liberal hating machine after we tell you over and over that it's actually the Democrats who made the problems in your life.
“The preacher says I don’t get to eat donuts in my diet. So..... you don’t either. Donuts should be illegal”
I'm not talking about crazy nutters. There are plenty of human beings whose compassion extends to the unborn, the young, the old, the sick, etc. I'm not going to waste time talking about foaming-at-the-mouth women haters, but you insist on seeing everyone with a different viewpoint as that. Insane.

You really think there is no genuine compassion once you hear someone isn't crazy about abortion.
Who said anything about groups? I'm talking about normal human beings.

Shows how you've already made up your mind. Ok, sure. If you want babies carried to term, you want them starved and abandoned once they pop out. Totally correct.
Every time I've heard a pro-life argument, it always starts with concern for the unborn life and eventually leads to a condemnation of "loose" women.  They take no responsibility for their actions, no self-control, no one will want to marry them, they're damaged goods, etc.  Maybe some pro-lifers really do care about protecting life, but in my experience it's far, far more likely that they want to shame women for pre-marital sex.
That's not a bigger problem at all. That would neutralize conservative political philosophy and allow some actual work to get done because their votes would be split between dumb and dumber.
What about cake or Bill Murry, don't you love those?
That’s so close to the actual right approach, too. If you’re actually serious about ending illegal immigration, absolutely you’re going to raid businesses that employ undocumented workers... to haul off *the owners*.
I want ICE agents in jail over this. I want to see that “just following orders” piece of shit director on trial for crimes against humanity.
Ehh. You're right about ICE, but you're giving the companies too much credit. They know they're hiring people who aren't here legally, that's why they're hiring them. They may not be expecting to lose them on any given day, but they know it's a possibility. They've made the economic calculations and decided that's worth it to have employees who can't complain.
It is morally bankrupt to arrest people who are here and working in this country illegally? Are you just okay with letting anyone and everyone in? Why should we care when an employer who is employing illegal workers loses a 100 employees?
To clarify, is the moral bankruptcy you're referring to hiring illegal immigrants or arresting them?
Thanks for using my cadance in an attempt at internet points, but i poisoned no well.  You can all continue to blindly glorify the works of villains in your facade of modern morality.
And not only have they moved right all that time, but the problems are nearly as bad in the Democratic party. California is an infamously blue state, yet their Net Neutrality law was shot down in weeknight closed sessions. Why should anyone believe someone willing to sell out their constituents cares about anyone but themselves?
Dems were trying to help the red areas of the country, but they offered hard truths rather than easy lies. For example, West Virginians would rather hear that their non-existent coal jobs are going to magically come back (the same jobs that killed them and their lands) rather than accept the fact that the industry is dwindling and they were replaced by much cheaper and more efficient machines. Could Dems have done better outreach? Sure, but you can only lead a horse to water.
It’s easy if you try.
"Why weren't your protesting 5 years ago?"

*If* it were happening five years ago, we weren't aware of it. Why aren't you protesting *now*.

Fucking bizzaro world.
Hey, "like and share" is a call to action.
Yes, was there something else to glean from there?
Ignore them, cut them off like the tumor they are. Its the fence voters as always that we need. Lighting a fire under the wider left factions of the party would certainly help to inspire some passion. As dumb as it sounds we really do need to get more people to the polls then them. Almost universally, the more people vote in a given election the higher likelihood the left leaning candidate wins. So register everyone!
I'm not saying all conservatives or Republicans are part of the alt-right.  However a lot of the same argument and social posturing tactics that the alt-right uses are used across the spectrum of right-leaning folks nowadays.  I've found a series of informational videos that have been extremely helpful when interacting with those who are not interested in facts.  Here is said series.  https://youtu.be/4xGawJIseNY
Not going to argue with that, but its was more in the right direction than the alternative.

I have said it before elsewhere.  The main detriment we h ave right now is we have a conservative party vs a regressionist party.  We need a real liberal party to counter balance the conservative party.

It probably would help with voter turn out so liberal folks have someone to support instead of voting for the "less conservative" group.
one of marx's great insights was that if profit is the only motive for corporations, they will endlessly collude and capture regulatory structures, becoming more and more powerful. in other words "distortions" of the free market are actually its inevitable end result.

unless we fundamentally change the rules, capital will continue to capture government. trump's election is both a consequence and vector of regulatory capture by corrupt high financiers.
i didn't say anything about conservatives or democrats (false opposition). why are the poor more generous than the rich? i'm just talking about the rules of capitalism, and specifically the primacy of the profit motive.
Republicans go to church more, so much more church donations, though that's not exactly charity. Also those studies are self reported, so it could just be all virtue signaling. Republicans may be more willing to overstate their generosity.
No decent person would believe that though.  There was already a fear and hatred of the Other before the propaganda got to them.
Aristotle thought that morality was a skill that we had to train through practice, like learning a musical instrument. Having someone to teach you makes it a lot easier, and some people may be more naturally gifted than others, but ultimately it’s something only mastered through repetition and practice. Virtue Ethics is the modern offshoot of Aristotle’s views on ethics, really interesting stuff. I think it aligns well with a lot of what Christianity says, which makes sense given that a lot of Church beliefs were based on Aristotle for a long time.

Honestly though, social contract theory does (I think) a great job of deriving a lot of ethical rules without assuming much more than rational self interest. I’m particularly fond of Rawls, as I think his [veil of ignorance](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veil_of_ignorance) thought experiment is an easily digestible way to make a case for equitable societies.
I'm not saying that those against it are evil. I'm saying that the excuse "it will raise unemployment" is an old and false excuse.
The question I ask is whether the people saying an increased minimum wage will hurt poor people *actually* believe that despite nearly a century of evidence to the contrary, or if they just *say* that as an excuse.
>Are they a significant proportion of the population? 


Yes.
And no matter what link I provide you would say it's BS. [Google](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C2CHBF_enUS793US793&ei=rTQtW4O7B4ub0gKygKPYBA&q=illegal+immigrants+on+welfare+statistics+2017&oq=illegal+immigrants+on+welfare+statistics+2017&gs_l=psy-ab.12..33i22i29i30k1.4055.6263.0.8953.2.2.0.0.0.0.93.180.2.2.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..0.2.178...0.0.QNQ8gGOBqZE) then we have [Fake ID](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C2CHBF_enUS793US793&ei=hzUtW9KkAoTv9AO-14CADQ&q=illegal+immigrants+Fake+ID+Sellers+at++macarthur+park&oq=illegal+immigrants+Fake+ID+Sellers+at++macarthur+park&gs_l=psy-ab.12..0i71k1l8.0.0.0.30730.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0....0...1..64.psy-ab..0.0.0....0.o_N11_sRakg) and to help them have the right to vote we have [California AB-60 Driver's License](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C2CHBF_enUS793US793&ei=tTUtW6DJCozQ8AP2z424BA&q=illegal+immigrants+driver%27s+license+california&oq=illegal+immigrants+driver%27s+license+california&gs_l=psy-ab.12...0.0.0.39581.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0....0...1..64.psy-ab..0.0.0....0.VlMhr3UY-lA) so now you can cherry pick the bits of reality that fit's your narrative.
If you're poor and suffering, you can't fight back. That's the GOP slogan.
Oh we know it's a really bad idea because we also did that. The boarding school comment wasn't a joke, we took native children away from their families and forcibly put them in "schools" to indoctrinate them.

We also turned away the Jews when they were fleeing Hitler.

We know how all of this ends and there is no excuse for what we're doing. It is unconscionable.
It's unreasonable if it involves oppressing other people and treating others as less than human, always.
There's a good documentary on Netflix called "White Right" that came out a week or two ago that is really good.  Involves a Muslim woman meeting and befriending white supremacists to learn their perspective.  Spoiler: almost all of them soften their stance on Muslims, and some renounce their group affiliation because they are human.
I hate these conversations because it’s impossible to know if you’re arguing in good faith and will actually listen, or if I am wasting my breath.  

I support DACA, people who were brought and grew up here and who are leading a good life deserve path to citizenship, not deportation to a country they don’t remember.

I support Asylum and taking in refugees.  It is the current law that we allow people up to one year after being physically present in the US to declare asylum.

By tightening the restrictions on refugees (who could have applied for refugee status in their home country at the embassy), Trump is forcing them to come here.

Current asylum law requires that you be *physically present in the US* to declare asylum.  

Trump administration is using that as an excuse to criminally prosecute anyone who crosses the border or not without documentation, *but that’s literally what the asylum law says they have to do.*

We need to put money into the system, and not in the form of a wall that does nothing about people overstaying visas, coming in through border checkpoints, tunneling under it climbing over it.

We need facilities that are appropriate for the types of people that are coming over, and staff that is trained to handle it.  We need to abolish ICE as I feel it is unconstitutional.  Criminal prosecutions should always be handled in the criminal justice system where they are afforded constitutional rights, not this executive branch bullshit where they get away with terrible treatment and indefinite detainment without a fair trial or even formal charges.

So while I don’t have all the answers, I can see that zero tolerance is inhumane, inefficient, it’s not an effective deterrent, it’s a violation of asylum laws, it’s a violation of their right to due process, and it punishes the wrong people (innocent children).  

I don’t feel like getting into a huge debate so please don’t fire back more questions, you can look up reasonable immigration laws on your own.
Have you looked into what happens when a person has been found guilty and is on the way to being deported? I honestly don't mind having a strict policy but we have to fund the system well enough that we don't have these people dying in a private prison. We shouldn't be handing contracts to private prisons and DynCorp. The cost per person is so outrageously high that we could just have them stay in a damn 5-star hotel. Do you think there's a problem with a system that has no due process which we afford to all people regardless of citizenship?
Ok, I was afraid you were misrepresenting their statement to mean "white people don't earn anything," which is a straw man that often comes out in discussions of privilege.
Religion is just a force in the world. Its used both to build schools and to suicide bomb them. Why people assume its a force for good by default is beyond me.
You cannot separate the personal from the political.  If a person supports a policy/program/politician that is harmful, or evil, in the name of their party, then that person is a bad person.
[Relevant song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Vwh-vvJENw)
Don’t hate people, you drop to their level.
This, but unironically.
I will never not upvote this
> ~~american~~ confederate flag
They would arrest his middle eastern ass as a suspected terrorist.  Hell if these people could tell the difference between Aramaic and Arabic.
The odds are pretty good that there's at least one Maria in Texas who had her little Jesus taken away.
There used to be a Cheech and Chong skit that was based on this. When the border agent asked Jesus, "Do you have any children?", Jesus responds with, "I have children EVERYWHERE". "Oh, you must be a rock n roll star" replies the border agent.
Maybe we already have and don't know it yet.
[One of us](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Gx1Pv02w3Q)
"If the real Jesus Christ were to stand up today, he'd be gunned down cold by the CIA.  And the lights that now burn brightest behind stained glass will cast the darkest shadow upon the human heart..."
He'd get shot by some Oklahoman good old boys for looking too much like a Muslim.
The modern cross would be a waterboarding table...
Raised Catholic, here.  And got a degree in Religion.  


The only part of the Bible that ever spoke to me was from 1Cor--"For I am the least of the apostles, not fit to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God. But by the grace of God I am what I am" which was reframed/phrased in the 16th century as "There but for the grace go God go I".  


Its even better, to me, than the Golden Rule.  


It speaks to our flaws, our choices, chance, mistakes. Its a call for empathy. For recognizing that if you're wealthy, you could have been poor. If you're safe, you could have been in danger. If you're comfortable, you could have been in pain. If you're living in abundance of happiness and freedom, you could have been living in misery and bondage. We don't choose where we're born. We don't choose our parents. We don't choose many of our opportunities.  We can guide the ship, but we don't control the sea or the weather.  Some of the best sailors die at sea, some of the most incompetent arrive at port.  


People coming to the US from other countries, doing so "illegally"?  I could have been them. I could have been exactly them.  Any one of us could.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/1a/4a/a9/1a4aa97c4d2e98b5e2ab054c9f302b19.jpg
>Be. Really. Nice. To. Everyone. THE. END.

**Bill**: Be excellent to each other.

**Ted**: Party on, dudes!
I went to Catholic school as well, and I know the Bible inside and out. I stupidly got into it with a Christian on twitter the other day(she had Bible verses all over her account), and when I quoted Bible verses at her and said it's not hard to understand what God/Jesus would want us to do with these children, she said Jesus wouldn't want us to give to the point of not having anything for ourselves. After I pointed out that I'm sure God meant to only give aid to foreigners/strangers when it's convenient, she just stopped responding. There is no getting through to these people. They believe what they believe and their hate is stronger than their belief in their religion. It scares me.
So much this.   It's a long book.  It's a hard book.  So yes, look to your religious leaders for guidance.  But read it yourself and know what it says.  Too many of these people are lazy in their religion.
Many conservative Christians in US are religious fundamentalists. Even if they read the bible, it may not change their mind a bit. Relevant snippets from [The Authoritarians (page 120)](http://theauthoritarians.org/Downloads/TheAuthoritarians.pdf),

>I have been amazed at how rigid religious fundamentalists can be--even to the point of dismissing what they say is the cornerstone of their lives, the Bible. I have twice given students who insisted the Bible was both a) divinely inspired and b) free of errors, contradictions and inconsistencies, the four Gospel accounts of Easter morning, laid out side by side. You never see them that way. Most people just hear one account, in church on Easter. Those who set out to read the New Testament go through the Gospels in the order Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, and may well have forgotten what Matthew said when they get to Mark’s starkly different version. Thus I suspect none of my “true believers” had ever seen the narratives printed alongside one another before. I asked them to read the (literally) Gospel accounts of this, the central, defining event in their religion.  
...  
I then offered each subject space to explain her position on the Bible under various headings. The first possibility was “There are, in fact, no contradictions or inconsistencies in the four accounts.” Other possibilities attributed the contradictions and inconsistencies to human error in translation, etcetera, or to some of the evangelists getting details wrong, or to the whole thing being a myth.  
Most of the fundamentalists stuck by their guns and insisted no contradictions or inconsistencies existed in the Gospel accounts of the Resurrection, no matter what one might point out. I call that dogmatism. Furthermore a curious analogy kept popping up in their defense of this seemingly indefensible stand. Many of them said the evangelists were like witnesses to an automobile accident, each of whom saw the event from a different place, and therefore gave a slightly different account of what had happened. I’m ready to bet they picked up this “analysis-by-analogy” in Sunday school, or some such place. Like the arguments against evolution, you can tell they just swallowed this “explanation” without thinking because it is, in fact, an admission that contradictions and inconsistencies do exist. The “different angles”story just explains how the contradictions got there.  
Ultimately the true believers were saying, “I believe so strongly that the Bible is perfect that there’s nothing, not even the Bible itself, that can change my mind.” If that seems like an enormous self-contradiction, put it on the list. We are dealing with very compartmentalized minds. They’re not really interested in coming to grips with what’s actually in the Bible so much as mounting a defense of what they want to believe about the Bible--come Hell or Noah’s high water.  
We shouldn’t underestimate the importance of dogmatism to the fundamentalist, even though it sometimes seems to surpass understanding. As noted in the last chapter, it takes no effort to be dogmatic, and you don’t need to know very much to insist you’re right and nothing can possibly change your mind. As well, dogmatism gives the joy and comfort of certainty, which fundamentalists cherish.
I never read the bible, and i never will,but i do know how to have compassion and empathy for other people who seek refuge and a save place for them and their family.That's what makes us a different species than animals.
Most of them don't read it, they just hear the bits preached to them, by a whole bunch of people with agendas of their own.
One of the weirdest parts of that story is when Lot is like, Don't rape the strangers, rape my two virgin daughters instead.

Context -- Genesis 19:6 - 8: " Lot went outside to meet them and shut the door behind him **7** and said, “No, my friends. Don’t do this wicked thing. **8** Look, I have two daughters who have never slept with a man. Let me bring them out to you, and you can do what you like with them. But don’t do anything to these men, for they have come under the protection of my roof.”"
And this is chapter and verses they point to when they say God is against homosexuality.  Talk about missing the point.
It does exist in Latin America - look up liberation theology.
I think it's an unfortunate side effect of the disdain for evangelism most progessive Christians have these days. We don't want to come off as preachy.
*White Christian Left.

Black folks are still among the most religious groups in America and are always voting blue. Sure, that'd change some if the right wasn't so focused on maintaining white supremacy or passively accepting it, but black Christians have been here and aren't going anywhere.
It absolutely makes no sense that it hasn't. I wouldn't call Jesus a Liberal fully, but he was Left leaning and there is no doubt about that in the scriptures. This Republican Jesus that the Evangelicals have come up with is not only terrifying, but he goes against nearly everything that makes Jesus, well Jesus!
I'm an atheist, but will happily use the words of the bible to try to convince people to be good to one another.
https://solidarity-party.org
I'd say that it's in the process of re-emerging. My church is taking up collection this Sunday to donate to organizations helping to protest what's going on at the border and help those organizations aiding the children and their families. We are an unabashedly Left church, and proudly so. Our lead pastor was also "promoted" within the organization (Cooperative Baptist Fellowship) to help plant more progressive churches in other areas of the US. The Religious Left is being born out of the hypocrisy and hollowness of the Religious Right.
I appreciate the thorough historical contextualization, but does that change the sentiment expressed in then Bible? Sure, you are correct to point out that "stranger" doesn't mean non-citizen in the biblical context, since citizenship isn't really a thing yet. It means "probably not kin to me" or from a different tribe, like in the Good Samaritan story. But still, the Bible is consistently clear that you should be kind to strangers, whether they are from a different town, tribe, geographical location, etc. With that in mind, it is an easy extension to apply that idea to our modern notion of citizenship, don't you think?
If we're concerned about being infested with rapists, we should probably start with the white house.
Animal rapists "infesting" Our Great Land! Nope nothing racist in that, move along now
Send them to [Group W](https://youtu.be/8MqYDfLJ3xg?t=92) with all the other mother rapists and father stabbers and father rapists.
It's funny, here in Austin when some rich white dudes starting a company called the Hispanic former owners "cockroaches," there was quite an outcry! Almost like, uh, there should be everywhere about this...
Yeah... you're going to have a hard time getting people who are 'anti-illegals' to read that chart, majority already have preconceived notions and won't look at something with so many arrows and words.  They're forever going to be convinced that illegal aliens are just being lazy and they could have 'easily' gone the legal route if they wanted.  

Those people just don't give a shit because they're already citizens since they very likely lucked out by being born in the US, it's another case of 'I got mine, so FUCK YOU'.
The problem is nobody cares about limiting the power of the executive when it's "their guy" in the seat. When someone tries to expand presidential power people need to imagine those powers in the hands of somebody they despise and really think about whether it's a good idea. Hopefully this is a wake up call
The party of Family Values^*

^^^^* ^^^^Applies ^^^^only ^^^^to ^^^^white ^^^^people
Naziism?
Now, now, let's not assume they're being mean. Maybe they're all just *so incompetent* that they need Democrats' help to actually run a government.
Well, it's true. 

I don't know exactly how the rules work, but they only had 2 opportunities in the current congress to pass legislation without a single Democrat vote. The first was the repeal of the individual mandate portion of the ACA, the second was the big tax legislation that had everyone rabble rousing for a week or so.

And I believe by this rule, the Senate needs a 60 vote majority to pass legislation. Republicans currently have 51 seats, Democrats 47, and independents 2. 

This is how they get away with continuing to blame the Democrats. The problem is, they refuse to work with the Democrats on anything. They have been walking to the table with a piece of legislation and saying, "vote for this or we blame you for everything." They aren't looking to negotiate, they aren't looking to compromise. 

But this is par for the course. When the Democrats were in control, the Republicans still wanted all or nothing. The ACA is a great example of this. 

The Dems wanted to pass universal healthcare. Period. They wanted to be able to say that they finally did it after talking about it for over 2 decades. But they also needed a few Republican votes, and the Republicans had been the party of NO for years at this point under Obama. So the Dems came to the table already having compromised by using a right wing model and only offering 'single payer' as an alternative option, even though most liberals would prefer a single payer model. Not a single Republican would support the bill because of the single payer option. The Dems were forced to remove one of the only two ideologically liberal parts of the legislation: the single payer option. The other part being the individual mandate, which without it the legislation could not function as intended and so the Dems couldn't compromise on that. As a result of this (and other amendments), the Democrats were able to garner a *few* Republican votes in passing one of the most pro-corporate, right-wing versions of Universal Healthcare imaginable. 

And the Republicans still did everything they can to kill it, finally passing the repeal of the individual mandate. This was a notably heinous approach aimed at scoring political points down the road. Instead of passing legislation that would fix the ACA, or replace the ACA, not even repealing the ACA (Remember "Repeal and Replace?" They did neither), instead they went after the one piece of it that allowed it to function as intended: the individual mandate. This ensures that not only will the ACA fail, not only will it force whatever congress is in session down the road when the shit hits the fan to act, but it also allows the Republicans to continue pointing the finger at the Dems. "Look at what their 'universal healthcare' caused. Look at these insane premiums. Look at the hardships the democrats have cause you," without a hint of irony that the repeal of the individual mandate severely exacerbated the issues, *and* the Republicans used 1 of their 2 'free pass legislation' tickets to do exactly that instead of making any attempt to fix the ACA. And all for political points down the road. 

There is certainly an argument to be made about the actions of the Republicans in my lifetime, but the actions of the Republicans since the day Obama was elected have been absolutely heinous. They refuse to compromise, they refuse to deal, they refuse to talk, they refuse to come to the table except to say, "we want everything we want or we're going to let the country burn and blame it on *you*." 

And they didn't expect Trump to win. They were banking on continuing to ride the wave of the party of NO for another 4 years under Hillary. It's why they continue to blame Democrats, they had no gameplan for a Trump victory and for some reason refuse to adapt... probably because, for some dumbass reason, *it's still fucking working.*

They had the opportunity to pass 2 pieces of legislation without any help from the Democrats, and instead of doing right by the country, they opted for a 1) a tax cut for their friends and 2) political points against Democrats at the expense of most Americans. 

Fuck the GOP.
And it's to prevent one party rule.

Which as we can see is absolutely critical to preserve the institutions of democracy.
The founding fathers obviously!
It's a term I am using. Catch illegal immigrants and deport as needed WITH the family.

My way is the humane way (versus prison or jail time) so don't come at me like I'm dehumanizing anyone. Oh and it's fiscally conservative because it saves our country a shit ton of money.
And now those who benefited from it want the gates locked, barred, chained....
When was the last time the Dems ran on strict anti-immigration? They were wanting to grant amnesty under Obama. Not literal open boarder, of course. Immigration reform has been a GOP platform for a long time now.
If we don’t get it sorted out, they’ll be coming for your countries next.  

Might want to help stop it now, before it spreads?
Oh, we're about to sort this shit out, because we are fucking PISSED!  It's been looking dark lately, but the public is becoming acutely aware of this Naziism thing.  It can't be denied anymore.  And there are enough aming us that remember EXACTLY what to do with Nazis.

First manor step is November.  In the meantime we protest.  After that... We see.
> Looking in from the outside is extremely ~~scary~~ entertaining just now.

[FTFY]
You're reversing 2 and 3. We're at 3.
Yeah, the "Let's fight the Nazi" cartoons were awesome. The anti-Japanese ones... Jesus wept those were savagely racist.
Yup! After the war, he ended up realized how shitty that was and wrote 'Horton Hears A Who' as an apology of sorts. Of course, America being America, "a person is a person no matter how small" was misinterpreted as an anti-abortion slogan.

He also collaborated with Chuck Jones and other children's book authors to make [Private Snafu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_Snafu), a top secret series of cartoons for soldiers. They were among the most popular films among the enlisted, partly because the cartoons were not subject to the Hays Code and could get away with risque and violent (for the era) imagery in the name of troop education and morale.
Nah, then Putin would have made sure she won.
No no, it's her *parents* benefiting from chain migration. She lied on her immigration papers after overstaying her visa.
You got proven wrong and now you're backpedaling.
So you admit you lied when you said theyre not considered white on the census
Same for this world cup, Russia imported laborers from North Korea.
I broke up with Tom Brady over this NFL shit. People can survive without watching a soccer game.
I just looked into it, it is still alive and well, just missing top hackers since the one guy ratted on top ops.
Try explaining the downfall of Latin american civilizations after their first contact with the Spanish and the consequent destruction of the Inca, aztec, and mayan empires. And how this cataclysmic event (for the indigenous) is still reverberating through history today? But nah, they are rapists/liars/child smugglers according to our president. Projection is a real SOB.
yes he did..... a big dump in his golden toilet ;)
What? Over 20% of the prison population are illegals.
If you're not from CA/Southwest US, or lived somewhere without significant latino numbers, they're irrelevant
Nevermind, you're just a fucking idiot. Guess there was a 3rd option after all.
The same people that were accused or working in Bosnia at that time? Or just some people from DynCorp? I only read that one article on my lunch break, haven't had a chance to dig into it any further.
So you're talking about a hypothetical situation you just pulled out of your ass?
Except no one is saying fuck it, just open the borders wide open.

No one.


You are creating a fake scenario that no one actually  wants to do.
It's been going down for a decade.  It's not sudden increase when it's been decreasing.
I'm not talking about people applying to be citizens. I'm talking about asylum seekers who are owed an immediate and prompt determination by law.
“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere“

-Donald Trump
And the constitution was written for white folks. But we changed that too didn't we?  
  
It's almost like we can grow and evolve as a country.
And it's equally idiotic to blindly follow every law just because it's the law. Our country is founded on the idea of breaking unjust laws in order to effect change. I'm sorry if this is a hard pill to swallow.
Some of them AREN'T BREAKING THE LAW. This is also happening to perfectly legal asylum seekers and migrants.
Holy shit...lemme go grab some aloe for you.
>which is their own governments issue.

This is a meaningless statement when it comes to people who are literally trying to survive.
Whether or not EVERYONE is seeking asylum is irrelevant. Locking up everyone guilty or not just to make sure you get all the guilty ones is not the way to do it.
> As far as I’ve seen  
  
You might need to do some more seeing then...
America created the powerful cartels with their insane war on drugs. What's illegal about seeking asylum? Be specific.
Nice avoidance. Shifty looks good on you.
What did he get wrong? As far as I can tell you didn’t refute anything they said you just insulted their intelligence.
"You people really just want to form your own country because you're in a shitty situation.  
  
Almost as if you have no idea how the world works."  
  
I'm sure this sentiment was shared by the crown who ruled over the colonies before we decided to break the law in order to get what we wanted. We changed the way the world works.
How does the world work then? How does letting in refugee's, or people seeking a better life, change how everything works in the world?
Why shouldn’t we? The economy and jobs are skyrocketing under Trump right? This is the time to be generous. Whenever I have a good year I always increase my charitable actions. If we got to this great economic boom with nothing being done about immigration for decades, obviously we can handle it.
They are globalists they don't want any borders across the entire world they don't realize that this would basically end up with us all having the standard of living as in the Congo. 


"Borders are just mean!! Look at that crying kid we better tear up the Constitution!"


They have become so desperate that their main course of action is having kids cry in front of us so they can pass horrible policies, look at Parkland. They will trot kids out in front of us because they are despicable, emotionally manipulative, exploitive and irrational people.
If we're that concerned about what's going on in Mexico, the solution would be to work *with* them to help fix their problems. Lend them our expertise and resources.

It's not like they're some rogue state that's intentionally harboring criminals. They don't want these cartels and gangs any more than we do.
Mexican illegal immigration has been on steep decline since the Obama administration the only reason for this inhuman escalation is pure evil from the party that endorsed a pedophile to the senate, wants to revoke everyone's healthcare, and elected a self admitted sexual assaulter with 19 active rape allegations to the white house.
They didn't have any issues finding a place to lock up kids in cages. Why tell asylum seekers to go to a port of entry if they are closed?

If you're going to hold or lock someone up, do it humanely and don't lock up kids in cages and take them away from their moms. I want to protect our border just like everyone else but I would like to see it done in a humanely way. If its true about kids being abused in these so called detention center, are you ok with it?

I never said I'm ok with a free pass, so don't go assuming what my stance is when I don't agree with what this administration is doing.
Yes that is exactly why the zero tolerance policy is so stupid. That is why smarter White House administrations didn't have a zero tolerance immigration policy. Because they had the foresight to know that it would clog up the system which leads to very bad consequences.
>There is literally no place to put them. What about that do you not understand?

There is plenty, in fact, copious amounts of land they can live on.  You just don't want them near you.  That's your problem.
No that is not the only answer and youre purposefully exaggerating left ideas to fit your shitty narrative. Southwest border apprehensions are very low in comparison to 2000-2014. Look up data available from Customs and Border Protection and you will realize whatever surge in illegal immigration the republicans want you to think is happening, isnt actually happening. There is no ‘stampede’ (dehumanizing language jeff seasions uses) or ‘infestation’ (word trump used to describe immigrants).  Yet, Sessions and Nielsen and Miller felt it wise to craft a zero tolerance policy for federal criminal prosecution, which he knew would split up children from their parents. This is unnecessarily cruel, and is an attempt to turn children into political pawns in order for Trump to build his ridiculously moronic wall.

Trump and his team can’t even get their story right so it’s absolutely ridiculous for you to claim the democrats are fickle. Trump claimed its a ‘horrible and cruel’ legislative agenda cause by the democrats, yet Stephen Miller loves it and says “it was a simple decision by the administration”. Nielsen even said there is no policy of seperating kids from parents, yet went one day before defending the policy she just claimed didn’t exist.
Despite the Blowhard in Chief's claims, no, Democrats don't want open borders. We want a more sensible immigration system that doesn't involve turning everyone away, shutting down legal entry points, profiling everyone with slightly dark skin and an accent, and rounding up people who, whether you want to admit it or not, are taking low-wage low-skill jobs that you'd sooner die before doing. It's been broken for years and the path to become a citizen includes waiting times that are unnecessarily long and take more work than you've probably ever done in your life. It's time to fucking fix it, and for that to happen people like you need to learn to debate in good faith.
> What does the term illegal mean to you? 

The opposite of LEGAL. Like the LEGAL migrants this is *also happening to*.

Now go whine like a child at someone else please.

You're clearly willing to justify literal concentration camps because you're so hysterically terrified of immigrants (p.s America was FOUNDED by immigrants - hating them because an obese billionaire told you to is tupidly un-American) so we have nothing further to discuss.
Wow turn off fox and go outside. Or travel the world, it opens your eyes and cures the ignorance
> they are possible murderers and rapists.

Jesus Christ. No more Fox News for you.
Because they turn themselves in and say they are seeking asylum. We shouldn't treat people the same whether they run away or turn themselves in, it makes no sense and encourages everyone to try to run away. They deserve to be treated decently until they get a fair trial to decide if their asylum is legitimate.
Not even close. https://www.npr.org/2014/10/29/359963625/dozens-of-countries-take-in-more-immigrants-per-capita-than-the-u-s

http://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/publications/migrationreport/docs/MigrationReport2017_Highlights.pdf
http://www.latimes.com/la-oe-murphy16jun16-story.html. An article about immigration in Roman times and how it applies to our border with Mexico. We need to, as a country, come up with an innovative way to deal with "illegal" entry (which is a misdemeanor).

My post was a response to the backward and degenerate way of thinking that you altrighters have managed to subscribe yourselves to.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Mexican_Americans

Shall I direct you to the section containing multiple NASA astronauts, the one of Medal of Honor Recipients, or Artists and Scholars?

You don't deserve America
Ah, and finally it comes out. You are a woefully misinformed racist piece of shit.
Dude I think you're supposed to at least thinly veil that shit. Pretty sure that's like chapter 1 in all the racism textbooks, you never just come out and say it.
So you just don't like *Mexican* immigrants?  Got it.
Lol you got wrecked.
Now thank Roboperson for getting that through your head.
Charged with what?  If you are having a hard time following, I am trying to determine how many of these people committed a felony vs misdemeanor.  You know...an important distinction which you lead your response to me with.
What western country seperates the children from the parents, puts them in detention centers for weeks (months?) with no real plan to reunite them? I'm honestly curious.

Edit: I'm going to need a source for "every other country handles it the same way."
We used to want to be the best, the symbol of freedom and righteousness in the world. Now we seem to be okay as long as we are a step up from the worst of leaders and countries. I don't care what other countries do, we have failed at treating these people as humans, criminals or not. 

This is why I can't stand people calling us a Christian nation.
So because others do shitty things we should be okay with following their example?
Okay? I'd rather have an imperfect system that does what it can to protect people who are in every way but legal Americans.

I will not see my country punish my neighbors for the mistakes of their parents. If someone grew up here, primarily speaks English, and is culturally every bit as American as me, I think it's wrong to send them away as a punishment for their parents' actions.

And yeah, people are gonna abuse this.

 Just like people abuse welfare. But you know what? I'd rather sit here with the knowledge that even while some selfish fuck lies to get welfare they don't need, welfare is ***still*** keeping some family from starving. I accept the bad because no system is perfect, and I would rather keep the good these systems offer in spite of the bad.

I'm a nice person to a fault; that means my niceness has been abused more than once in my life. But I keep being a nice person. Why? Because the net benefit of being a nice person outweighs what I'd have if I were to become a bitter cynic.

I take Blackstone's Formulation, and run wild with it. I would rather have systems that protect and benefit the well-meaning and the innocent than systems which go "but muh rule of law!" and harm innocents its efforts to enforce a myopic interpretation of the law.
How so?  The adults who came here don't get "free citizenship" it is the kids that they brought here that have a path towards citizenship that they otherwise wouldn't have.
Why do you think that's such a terrible thing?
I don't know. I don't live in Mexico. We're talking about the Untied States.
https://www.aclu.org/blog/immigrants-rights/immigrants-rights-and-detention/fact-checking-family-separation

In some cases asylum seekers are being seperated from their kids.
>Is the administration separating asylum-seeking families who enter at ports of entry?

>Yes, despite claims to the contrary. On June 17, DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen took to Twitter to defend family separation, saying, “For those seeking asylum at ports of entry, we have continued the policy from previous administrations and will only separate if the child is in danger, there is no custodial relationship between 'family' members, or if the adult has broken a law.”

>In case Secretary Nielsen forgot, she’s currently a defendant in our class action lawsuit, where we represent families who entered at ports of entry to seek asylum and had their children taken away.

>Ms. L, a Congolese mother who sought asylum at a port of entry, had her seven-year-old daughter taken away from her for four months. Immigration authorities made no meaningful attempt to verify their relationship during that time, only doing so after we filed our lawsuit.

>Mirian G, a mother from Honduras, came to the U.S. with her young son on Feb. 20, 2018. She presented herself to immigration authorities and sought asylum, committing no crime. During her interview, Mirian provided immigration officers with several identification documents for her child which listed her as his mother. The next morning, Border Patrol agents took away her 18-month-old son with no explanation. She did not see him again for two months.

[Source](https://www.aclu.org/blog/immigrants-rights/immigrants-rights-and-detention/fact-checking-family-separation)
If not driving meant your family might die, you would drive

Teens have done it for less
I get it. You want to live in a world where everything is black and white, there's an easy answer to every problem, and nothing requires any kind of complex thought or consideration. That's awfully tempting, but the real world just doesn't work that way. Don't let confirmation bias blind you.
It was a misdemeanor crime...you know...the same as those seeking asylum.  So they weren't arrested.  But by your logic, they broke the law, so something bad should happen to their family.  When do we get to confiscate the kids of this evil law breaker?
This policy is also everything but logical.
I didn't say they didn't have compassion.  I said they were choosing (using your words) to approach an issue with logic whereas any normal human being would feel compassion for those involved.  There is nothing wrong with feeling empathy for people while handling what needs to get done.  When people are saying that they don't understand why people are getting upset because after all these children are from a different country.  That is all kinds of messed up.  This situation does not even make sense logically.  Trump knew he was going with a zero tolerance policy and that he was going to separate children from families a year ago.  Yet there are no logistics in place to process adults or care for children.  Children are arriving at detention centers with no paperwork.  How are they possibly going to be reunited when their parents are deported?  These people are not cattle.  Like a judge said when you get arrested and they take your wallet you get a receipt.  People are having their children taken and get nothing saying where they are.
Sorry, Mr. Gish, I'm not playing this game. Address what I actually said, and stop falling back on Obama.

Can you justify Trump's zero-tolerance family separation policy without falling back on Obama? Check yes or no.

[ ] Yes      [ ] No

Refresher: [Trump says Dems can end the crisis he himself created by falling in line and voting for his immigration reform plan](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1007972046666690561?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2F2018%2F06%2F16%2Fpolitics%2Ftrump-separation-families-negotiating-tool%2Findex.html). Do you deny it?

Stop wasting my time.
You are rationalizing child abuse. That's not at all the rational side, ever.
Yea because it's rational to lock children up and have them endure inhuman conditions with abuse thrown on top.

Just like it was rational to round up Jewish people and imprison them, have them endure inhuman conditions with abuse thrown on top.
He's an alien that is totally human so not the same
No, he's a Death-Eating Fear God. It's tough to keep them straight sometimes.
No, Ted Cruz is 100&#37; human, as detailed on [TedCruzForHumanPresident.com](https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com/)
That man ate my son.
Goddamn Ben fucking up again.
Ok but...

It's not like these groups are made up of dragons, robots and aliens. Inside every group is a bunch of "normal human beings" who support that groups interests
Always, because as we know Republicans are really all about the man on man action. Keep women locked up because it's boys night tonight, yeee haw! Now get me my assless chaps.
Of course I do, but not more than bad jokes
Illegal Employment is a real issue that rarely gets talked about. Unless it’s 7/11, then they’ll bring the hammer down.
bush/cheney werent tried. nobody today will be tried. American exceptionalism.
Not OP, but the moral bankruptcy is targeting the immigrants while the business owners who give them a reason to come mostly get a pass.
And the only way for this to be resolved is if American citizens stand up and decide that they aren't taking this shit anymore. But first they need to know about it, then they need to care, then they need to have the willpower to do something, then they need to get along for long enough to organize and act. Call me a cynic but I'm not incredibly hopeful.
Yup, you can find countless examples of democrats buckling to donors.

The frustrating thing is you could solve a lot of these problems with 2 laws - term limits and a ban on any sort of lobbying jobs after your terms are up... But congress would have to pass this, and it just flat out won't happen. So instead we're stuck with a bunch of people who owe their vast wealth to these business interests, the majority of which will always choose their wealth over our betterment.
I can understand the frustration here, but honestly it seems so petty to me. Why does the Democratic party need to approach perfection to stand against the right? The right is dismantling our democracy at every level, setting up literal concentration camps, allowing foreign interests to control our elections. 

Compared to that why should a Democrat sabotaging a bill about internet even matter?? I would love to live in the world where this sort of corruption was the biggest scandal we have to worry about. Unfortunately we don't live in that world. We live in a world where in a few years the concept of net neutrality may no longer even be relevant let alone something we are able to fight for.

Let us focus on saving America first. There can be no progress while our foundation is being continually eroded from within.
Ok, then maybe Dems can put forward a subsidized retraining package for WV coal workers?

Something specifically for them, the rural conservatives. 

Something that _benefits urban liberals in no way_ to **prove** to them that we have their interests at heart?

> they were replaced by much cheaper and more efficient machines. 

This is going to happen to most of us in the coming 3 decades, maybe we start the groundwork for UBI by offering it as a subsidy to displaced rural industrial workers?

Give them the resources to get the fuck out of the dying towns they are clinging to. 

Most would leave if they could, very few can afford to.
Soon friend.. Soon
That is because you are trying to engage their propaganda as if it was a rational argument. 

It isn't a rational argument, it's an emotional framework centered around fear of irrelevance. 

If you want to counter-argue their propaganda, make them understand that you realize they're afraid, and that you want to take steps to alleviate that fear. 

It pisses them right the fuck off.... ;)
“How come you were never mad at the last guy?” 

I say, “Because I wasn’t paying attention. I used to pay less attention before it was a horse!"
Right, it’s not like US law is “Once a policy is one year old, we can’t protest it.”

Good thing we didn’t validate “Why weren’t you protesting two years ago when they opened?” during the Japanese internment camps and just stop trying to close them in 1944.
Every time I talk on the phone w my friend and politics come up, which they always do, I hang up on him as soon as the word "Hillary" comes out of his mouth. It always does.
It's Trump world and people hate what Trump stands for.
If it was happening 5 years ago, it was a lot fewer instances of it happening. The new zero-tolerance immigration policy is what caused this to suddenly ramp up. People were saying it was because of some law Bill Clinton signed in the 90s. Well, that was a load of crap. The law he signed in the 90s said that kids who were unaccompanied by any adults who tried to cross the border would be placed into some Refugee Relocation program that places kids with sponsors in the U.S. That law said nothing about kids who tried entering the country with their parents.

Also, the zero-tolerance policy is for people crossing the border illegally. They just happen to be lumping in refugees seeking asylum in the same group and enforcing the same punishment, even though asking for asylum is a perfectly legal thing to do when you reach the U.S. border.

I've been repeating myself endlessly on Facebook after all sorts of people started sharing lies. Nobody has been able to come up with any sort of legitimate retort. Some say nothing while others have at least agreed that the separation of kids and families is wrong, regardless of the other circumstances. Part of what helps is not phrasing it as an attack. That just riles them up. As nuts as some of these people are, I think the majority are good people led astray. Talk to them like real people and you'll have a better chance at making them realize they've been duped.
>If it were happening five years ago, we weren't aware of it.

I mean, it's good you're admitting you weren't politically engaged and thus willing to give Obama a pass five years ago, but that's how we wound up with kids in detention centers and drone strike assassinations on US citizens.  

I'm not sure I'd use that as a counterargument.
I feel like this is only bolstering the point of the article?
Give it another read. The point is that there’s little use arguing because it doesn’t matter how many stats/articles you throw at someone, if they just don’t have the empathy to care what happens to other human beings then there’s no bridging the gap.
I agree 100%. I’m hoping this failure of an administration really lights the fire under the asses of the left. We all NEED TO VOTE. This is the only way to do it.
Thanks for the link, that was an extremely good video 👍🏻
Sorry, but you don't get to deny the context here.

What communists always get wrong is that, without motivation, everyone suffers.  Profit motive is motivation, and that's a good thing.
>No decent person would believe that though.

You'd be surprised what you can get people to believe with years of indoctrination, especially these days with so many echo chambers, along with the prevalence of relying on a single source for news and information. We're not going to win this by condemning everyone on the other side as evil, we're going to win by rooting out the sources of their fear and confusion, so the next generation never gets duped this badly in the first place.

When you're facing an epidemic, you don't fight the infected, you fight the disease.
It's old and false, but it's not rooted on disregarding the importance of other people. It's based on the idea that your idea to help the people would end up hurting them, therefore it's not a good idea.
That really isn't true. The data and consensus on the effects of raising the minimum wage are relatively recent. 

Before, basic economic theory concluded that raising the minimum wage would cause unemployment. It's not until very recently that econometrics finally started beating economic apriorism.
Can you back that up with data? I also think they exist, but I think on the internet they're disproportionately loud and give the impression of being far more common than they really are.
Be sure to share these sources to the young minds of Reddit! I'm afraid they're attracted to the "troll" / edgelord corners of the community.
Asylum seekers can legally cross the border at ports of entry and then have one year to submit their I589 form. 

What other country tolerates undocumented movement of people through their borders?
We don't have the personnel to do it so we have to pay a private company. Who else would do it? All states are refusing to send guard troops, no one wants to work for it. 

We are in between a rock and a hard place on this immigration thing, there is no way people don't suffer. We need to find a way to mitigate the suffering of those seeking asylum.
Totally understand the confusion. My sarcasm is often not as elloquent as I would like in text form. I'll add a "/s" to it. 

Thanks for the friendly callout.
Because, unlike all of the other ideologies, it claims to be good by definition rather than good by consequences.
Amen, brother!
Largely because if people realized it isn't inherently good, that means that they may have made a bad choice to believe in it and they know they are good people so that can't be...  Basically it would require them to be critical of themselves and the human brain is really good at making itself feel good about it's choices even when they are terrible.
Because the vast majority of its use IS for good. Charities, social justice, mercy, all vastly overshadow those who abuse it for nefarious ends. 

It’s like drugs in a pharmacy. Yes they can and do kill people but they save 1000x more lives than they harm.
Where is this 'Aramaya' and does it need to be freedomized?
And who knows, we still could be them some day. If the US was embroiled in civil war you bet I'd turn up on Canada's doorstep. And I'd hope to be treated better than we treat asylum seekers. I'm not saying we have to let immigration be unlimited, but policy should reflect the reality that these people are not here to hurt us, they're just trying to make a better life for themselves. They should not be treated as criminals.

Hardline immigration stances refuse to acknowledge the possibility of nuanced policy that treats people respectfully and compassionately without just letting them do whatever they want. There are many options between the black and white of "open the borders completely" and "imprison and deport anyone who tries to come over the southern border"
I'd like to sign up for your religion please. 

Honestly I think Christianity would be a hell of a lot better if people just treated it like Aesop's fables or something. Like a book of lessons on how to be a decent person. And not a literal ticket to the afterlife. And especially not a golden ticket that never gets removed from your possession for as long as you call yourself a Christian, even if you're a giant douche bag.
But what does this mean practically? Should we no longer deport people? If someone comes to the US on a temporary visa and wants to stay, are you saying we should just let them stay? Once someone is in the United States, do they effectively have permanent residence?

Are you suggesting we let anyone who wants to come here come? If not, how might you justify rejecting them but not the people who overstay visas? Is that distinction simply a matter of practicality, not ethics?

I'm just trying to understand exactly what some people here are advocating for.
Yup. It was basically saying that as bad as raping his two daughters would have been, what they wanted to do to the strangers was worse. When your "step up" is raping two girls you know you're doing something very wrong.
Because guest rights and hospitality are SO IMPORTANT in Christianity as virtues, Lot offered the most valuable thing in his life in exchange for the safety of the people under his protection. 

He's willing to give up his *own daughters* to save the guests he swore to protect.
I get that.  But at the same time, many core Christian values overlap with the discourse on human rights.  I think of someone like MLK, who seemed to recognize this and in my view didn’t come off as preachy.
I get that, and many people outside the religion aren't happy with the evangelical sect, either. It could definitely be a fine line to walk.

But I think most people don't hate religion in and of itself, just those who do bad things then hide behind it. It's the hypocrisy and perversion of the religion that's more of a turn off than anything else.

One of my favorite people is devoutly religious, to the point that she is going to a Christian school to get a religious degree (I forget what, exactly... Theology?). And she can be a little "preachy" and way too sweet for my tastes sometimes. But she's completely genuine about it and honestly wants to do good for others. So when she drops a verse or quote when describing why she does something, it's easy to accept even though I don't believe in it.

I think it honestly comes down to who the person is who's speaking. Joel Osteen or Pat Robertson?  Fuck 'em. MLK, as another user suggested, or Pope Francis (even if I don't agree with every position he holds)? Yeah, I'll take the time to consider what they say.
The progressive Christian is usually pointed to as blasphemers and teaching satanic messages. Most people in conservative Christian circles would never listen to a pastor that spoke love and acceptance because they feel like they have to be punished for something or that they have to be exclusive. the exclusivity makes their salvation special.

I spend a lot of thought on those Christians who would tell me I'm not Christian because I want everyone to be saved not just the people who think exactly like me. Or those Christians who decry the sin in others while assuming that they have no sin in themselves because they call themselves followers of Christ. I do not subscribe to the gospel of prosperity or of condemnation, I subscribe to the gospel of faith, hope, grace and salvation. I know that I sin and that's why I can talk to others about how Jesus can heal our hearts if we follow his ways, because like those others I have sinned and continue to, but Jesus knew all my sins before I was born but sacrificed himself for me anyway.
Good point.
I think it has to do with how living in the city tends to go hand in hand with both becoming liberal and becoming secular. People usually go to church for social reasons in addition to religious ones; in a small town, everyone you know probably goes to the same church, and they'll notice if you don't show up. But in the city none of your coworkers/classmates/friends will know or care if you go to church, since it's a big city with a lot of people and they probably don't live anywhere near your church anyways. So people stop going out of social obligation, because it doesn't exist anymore. I guess that would imply the people who *do* still go are the people who really want to be there.

City living also tends to make people liberal. In the city, it's easy to see all the things the government does for you, like public parks, museums, hospitals, and bridges, so people are less afraid of giving the government money when they see where it goes and know how they benefit from it. It also tends to make people less racist, because it's hard to demonize the "other" when you work and eat and bump elbows with them on a daily basis. 

I guess the takeaway from all this is that democrats tend not to be Christians-in-name-only.
Very interesting!  

Ultimately I believe that even left-leaning Christians will have to give up on outlawing abortion and anything that takes us back to “traditional” gender roles (heterosexual marriage only).  But it is really refreshing to see any version of Christian morality combined with a progressive economic platform.  And I have to admire its consistency, at least.  They recognize, for example, that if you are going to outlaw abortion you have to provide a social safety net for women and children.  Otherwise you’re just being cruel, which is how I see a lot of evangelicals today.

Incidentally, this is also pretty consistent with how many of our Puritan forebears would see the issues today.
Lovely to hear all of this, thank you!
>  but does that change the sentiment expressed in then Bible? 

No, not at all. My point isn't that we shouldn't use a source like the Bible to insist that Jews/Christians follow God's commandments with regard to immigrants, but that the reason Sessions et al. don't perceive the disconnect is their mindset regarding national borders is about 5,000 years too modern for them to see the connection.
Ooohhhh...Nononono,

you misunderstand, you see, when someone says rapist, you think they mean someone who has already raped another person, therefore making them a rapist. But you see, what the GOP/Trump really means we he says rapist is a person with brown skin who might possibly rape someone at some point in the future, therefore, we've got to get rid of all people with brown skin just to make extra extra sure that never happens.
"Good night, sleep tight, don't let the brown skinned illegal immigrants bite" - GOP bedtime prayer
And the Duggars.
And breeding with our women.  Cucking our men.
The infestation reference really bothers me, because it's subtly suggestive that extermination is the answer.
its a very important word. Insects infest your home, there sickening and nobody can change that, so that have to exterminate them. Its how hitler viewed the jews and Bolshevism , they made him sick.
And must be traditional family values. None of this family planning and stay at home dads
To me family means danger. :/   When someone tells me they will treat me like family, I run.
wealthy, preferably Christian, white people
The incompetence is a feature not a bug. It's SOP for Republicans to complain about "government inefficiency", then turn it into a self-fulfilling prophecy by being obstructionist assholes when Dems are in power so they can't get anything done, and being incompetent and corrupt when they're in power so they only get bad stuff done. The end goal is to make government look so bad that people don't complain when they hand over every potentially-profitable sector of society to their corporate buddies who "can manage it better".
They certainly need them to balance the books
Agreed. I meant that having all 3 doesn’t mean this move. Obama’s admin got fucked hard by a GOP senate that decided to not pass a thing. In turn the GOP is dealing with the same thing. They made their bed.
GOP superhero Reagan granted amnesty to millions in the late 80s.  Funny how no one on the right likes to discuss that any more, since they've drifted so far from center that even their own patron saint would be considered too liberal nowadays.
Yup, that fuck Bannon has been over Europe fanning the flames of alt-right nationalism there.

The US may be further along because Trump is in the while house, but Europe is not far behind.
Not if they care about other people.
I don't think going in order is necessary. Either way, some of these are debatable but to say we are at step 6 is ridiculous
Lol, no, not backpedalling at all. You're original point - that it has nothing to do with race, has been shown to be absurd and splitting hair on race vs. ethnicity is ridiculous, especially when you're doing it to defend child abuse.

If it wasn't about race, why aren't you demanding the same treatment for Canadian illegals, the vast majority that are guilty of the exact same crime? Or expecting Mexico to lock up our 1M illegals in their country? Or a large number in Canada.

Because it has everything to do with race and white nationalism, which Trump, his administration and his supporters fully support.
Uh, no... the census splits race and ethnicity. White nationalism does not. Your original point is incorrect since you have no clue if OP was referring to race or ethnicity, and the difference is meaningless in context.
So now you'll admit you're advocating for the abuse of children in support of white nationalism?
For not being concerned about a gang that doesn’t exist here? I don’t quake over the Latin King or Crips either.
Gotta be honest I don't know if it's the *exact* same people. They might be different. I *hope* they are. But current Trump team member John Kelly was on the board at the time and really, what incentive have they been given to *change* their behaviour?

Instead of being punished they were literally hired to one of the government's most trusted positions!


Here's some more I found:

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-isenberg/its-dj-vu-for-dyncorp-all_b_792394.html?guccounter=1

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/jul/29/unitednations


http://www.dw.com/en/bolkovac-un-tries-to-cover-up-peacekeeper-sex-abuse-scandal/a-19082815

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DynCorp#Sex_trafficking_of_children_in_Bosnia



And when you think about how many migrant kids go missing every year...it's sickening.

Pizzagate - DynCorpGate? MigrantGate? - is literally happening *right now*.

And the right are too busy memeing, screeching about Hillary and attacking liberals to even fucking care. Well, it's also only happening to foreign *brown* kids so apparently it doesn't count to them...
Granted like 3 years old but...

https://cis.org/Report/Immigrant-Population-Hit-Highest-Percentage-Ever-8-Years

What are you citing?
You are aware that was a Hillary quote right?
If you think "evolving" is enslaving and me financially to a bunch of people that hate me in the first place... Well that's why you keep losing elections.  Illegal immigration is over, deal with it.
Our country was founded because we didn’t get equal representation when it came to taxes. Had we gotten that we’d still be part of England. I don’t know what book you were reading.
If you don't like the law.... change the law! Despite what Obama taught you, you don't get to pick and choose which laws you follow. There will be consequences if you break them.
Then they should get in no problem once everything checks out.
Hey thanks for not answering my question and wasting my time.
White man's burden.  Progressives are just white supremacists who feel guilty.
Good god, how does it feel to be doused in such abject cynicism?
You realize that you're spouting the same tired argument that people have been spewing up since this country began right?  
  
"If we let these Irish/German/Polish/Chinese/Puerto Rican/Italian/etc. into the country, it'll all go to hell!"  
  
And yet despite the endless whining of people who are scared of foreigners the Republic is still standing. Whoulda thunk?
While I agree with your first point, the rest of your post is a bit too much. Yeah, things are done with an agenda but the Parkland wasn’t done to manipulate in a poor way. Because we do need to do something about gun laws.
False. You re deep down the conspiracy hole man - all Fox talking points here.

Nobody thinks "borders are just mean" and nobody wants to "tear up the Constitution."  

I think people are about kids.  Shit the right uses kids all the time in their speeches, claiming things are all about the children.  But, when real children - American or not, are getting shot, now its all - guns are more important, these kids are actors, these kids are just pawns.  Nah man, these kids were just shot at or had classmates getting killed around them and it seemed like it was happening multiple times a quarter.  Kids were afraid and they wanted to not be, they wanted to feel safe.  They are exercising their right to free speech and trying to find a solution to kids getting killed.  The right isnt even trying to find a rational measured solution, just repeating "dont take our guns".
>They will trot kids out in front of us because they are despicable, emotionally manipulative, exploitive and irrational people.

Lmfao! Conservative projection at it's finest folks
 "They don't want these cartels and gangs any more than we do"

>yfw you realize the cartels are in bed with high level politicians and army generals.

they don't want the problem to end because they get rich off the problem and live in gated mansions. Mexico is corrupt as fuck.
MS-13 took control while Obama was in office.
Decline or not that's good reason enough for strict border control.
Do you think that they won't need to use our roads, go to our schools, attend our medical facilities, or any of the other things we have that are already full? That's right, they just want an open field and they'll be happy. The presence of millions of extra people won't alter our quality of life here at all.
Not everyone is a murderer or rapist, but I’m sure there is a fraction of the illegal immigrants that are. These centers are to vet people. That’s what they are doing.
Who it is being detained and separated is not who it is turning themselves in. The issue is some who are caught illegally crossing the border claim asylum after they are detained. Those detained do get a trial.

Another thing, there are dozens of American consulates throughout Mexico. Those seeking asylum could have avoided thousands of miles of journey by turning themselves in their. But they didn't. They crossed the border illegally, then some just so haooen to make the claim.
Relative amounts don’t mean much in this case since we have one of the largest populations. A tiny european country can have its foreign-born percentage drastically increase due to a mass migration from a foreign country, whereas it won’t make as big a dent for america. It says it right there at the top - we are the home to the most immigrants in absolute numbers. Not even close? I don’t know mang... lol
"Oh, you wanted three people? Well here's a thousand, you racist fuck."

Well played
Why is it when I go look through these peoples profiles, they always frequent dank memes or some others meme subreddit? Why are alt-right so predisposed to being into memes?
*googles “Mexican Americans” and clicks first Wikipedia link* Yeah, totally “wrecked”
Immigration records of everyone detained for illegal entry. If they do it again then it gets upped to a  felony and impacts more severely those that are with them.
Although not western still a first world country, australia did for a while
Other countries aren't even doing this like we are, this person is talking out of their ass.
Or, being turned away at proper points of entry only leaving them with one recourse, find another path.
That doesn't say they are being detained though. The children might be taken out of the parents care but I can't find anything along the lines of the parent being taken into custody.
This might be shocking, but people die all the time. There’s over 8 billion of us on this planet, do you think we should care for everyone who might be facing danger? What danger qualifies? 

I don’t understand how the left can argue for universal healthcare and open borders at the same time, it defies logic.
It's what you're indirectly saying. Those who "choose" logic over compassion in dealing with a difficult manner does not entail them to be worthy of lack of compassion from those growing way too emotional over this situation. Kids are being shuttled in without parents in horrible living situations. How is that Americas fault? We have laws in place for a reason and it's on congress to create laws. The president just enacts on those laws. 

Illegal immigration has been a very difficult problem to deal with for decades. It's a glaring issue that needs resolve. 

I'm assuming you're all for open boarders? Letting anyone who wants to come into the country live permanently? Our infrastructure just isn't capable of that volume. Our hospitals are taking a hit, drugs are being poured in, and money is being sent out of the country untaxed. 

What about those veterans and our homeless and our mentally ill who could benefit from our taxes? Do you not hold compassion for them? Why is this a bigger issue than that? I tell you why, because it's all political and the current flavor of the month. This is nothing new.
I got interviewed for the local news years back and one of the questions was about illegal immigration. They cut the part of my answer that mentioned targeting the business owners to remove economic incentives...
Do they really get a pass? I thought there were laws in place to punish employing (and likely taking advantage of) illegal immigrants. If not, that is indeed quite sad.
Or publicly financed elections.
ANDREW YANG 2020
[They've tried](https://www.pri.org/stories/2016-11-29/job-retraining-classes-are-offered-rust-belt-workers-many-don-t-want-them). And I'm not sure where you're getting the idea from that most would leave if they could afford to because that has not been my experience at all growing up in rural areas of the South. Someone who's lived in a town for 50 years, often on property that has been in their family for a generation or more, with all of their family and deceased loved ones' graves nearby, is not going to want to move. These people don't want to live in New York or the Bay Area just because that's where the best jobs are any more than Google employees want to move to Nome, AK.
Man, that's why us sciency folks are useless in this fight.

"It's a logical problem with logical solutions, I'm being logical about it, so it's logical to assume Once they have the necessary data, they will be logical too!"
r/unexpectedmulaney
You called?
"Why do you insist on talking about the retired ex secretary of state so much? If you really like SoS that much, you should read up on Henry Kissenger. Now THAT guy knew how to fuck over the little guy."
Yeah, if Obama had a secret policy that prosecuted every immigrant, and pulled apart families to do it. Dumping asylum seekers into federal prison, and trump only put the practice on paper so we could see how bad it is, then I will admit I was *totally unaware*.
Ok? Coming from a leftist perspective it sounded just like the echo chamber in reddit, I was expecting some voting records shifts, hard numbers to argue against red talking points. This tells me nothing I didn't already know.
But if it’s old and false then clearly anyone who uses such an argument isn’t considering others at all.
Another fundamental way to show that one's views are not rooted in apathy is to admit when they are wrong. It matters not where one's heart lies if they refuse to reflect it in their awareness as well as their actions. To concede that their ideas on minimum wage are wrong would be worlds more effective than doubling down because they think they are doing a good service.
>Can you back that up with data? 


Can *you*?


Sorry, I thought we were both sharing our subjective opinions;


by all means, please post your research on the altruism of Republican voters.
Literally every other country in that treaty allows asylum seekers to enter under those terms, even outside of ports of entry. Like one of the key parts of the treaty is that illegal entry is permitted if seeking asylum. 

It's a pretty big important treaty and without it seeking asylum wouldn't even work. People from unstable areas understand these terms, which countries are in that treaty, and rely on them.
Why do we need to send guard troops? These facilities are run all over the United States. I'm not talking about the general border problem with family separation, but individuals who pled guilty and are being held until they can return. You can look at the Stewart facility in my home state of Georgia if you'd like a reference that isn't a hotbed of political bias. I get that we don't have resources, but if we don't have resources would it not make more sense to fund the program and create jobs instead of over paying a private company who has been linked to abuses? It's not really a coincidence that they also donated a hefty sum to the political engine.

If anyone at ICE is watching, I volunteer to be paid $500 a day to watch some screaming foreigners and I promise to feed them and not let them die. This is like $200 a day less than you currently pay so it's a pretty sweet deal.
No, Christianity is "be good or burn in hell for all eternity".  Its definitely be good by consequences
I think your belief has to be more deeply examined. Sure, Christians do good things, but also there's a set of beliefs, like, say, no abortion, no sex out of marriage, anti-homosexual beliefs that are tied to religion. . . I mean, the bible clearly supports the keeping of slaves.
Freedom 🍟
> Where is this 'Aramaya' and does it need to be freedomized?

We're trying to freedomize it right now! Part of "Aramaya" is called "Syria" today.
We need Regime Change now! 


...I'm talking about America.
You're exactly right--on Facebook (a friends' Facebook, anyway), I've been back and forth with Trump supporters on this.  To them its "we have a crisis" and "either close it all up" (or so very much close to it, there's little difference) or "open it all up".  No nuance. No ability to admit that the toolbox of prevention and protection (making conditions that they would rather NOT try and come here, and keeping them out when they try--two totally different issues) is enormous. 

I kept pushing back against THIS child-separation tactic and I kept getting disingenuous "well, then what would YOU DO to keep these people out?"  And the moment I'd mention that the primary driver--by all study and polling we have ever had from any serious source--is job opportunities and higher wages, so one major tool we have is helping Mexico improve their economy to create more jobs there and raise wages there... they lose their fucking minds.

"THAT'S MEXICO'S PROBLEM WERE SUPPSED TO MAGA THO!!!" or other shit.

Doesn't matter that the biggest swings in immigration numbers correlate strongly with the relative strength of their economy to ours.  That's not an option, that's a silly option, we shouldn't try and do that.  No, of course not that.  Unless an option includes some measure of punishing, humiliating, or cruelty they don't seem to like it.

Its disgusting. 

One even argued with me that my idea that "we could all be in that position, it could be us seeking asylum from an economic drought and inability to care for our families--misdemeanor be damned; we didn't choose to be born on the better side of a border, its chance" by arguing that its not chance, he's entitled to it all and they're not, because his forebears came here.

Like somehow your great-grandparents coming here means that you had any say or choice in your birth circumstances at all.  He couldn't admit that the only people that "work" or "earn" their citizenship in this country are those who come here from somewhere else and put in the time and money and sacrifice.  To him, he was entitled to things, deserved things that others don't and it wasn't a function of being lucky.
> you bet I'd turn up on Canada's doorstep

If you're not willing to fight for your country then the wrong side is going to win that civil war.
Oh, assuredly, I'm not saying any of those things--nor ever have I.    


I'm suggesting that someone overstaying a visa should be deported to their home country unless there's a compelling reason for them needing to stay along the lines of them seeking asylum--a matter of safety, security, etc. for themselves.  That's how it works now, I find that humane and just.  


I'm suggesting that people found to be here illegally, undocumented immigrants, have to have options and paths to seek asylum (if appropriate), get on a path to legal residency with strong controls in place, or be deported back to their home country.  This is more or less how it works today, but that middle option is not really well designed and executed in my opinion.  


I'm suggesting that anyone who WANTS to come here can try.  Background checks (of which we have an excellent system with tons of safeguards) to weed out criminals and those that are security or safety threats or the like... of the remaining some stronger and better programs to grant temporary visas or make the whole process of residency more efficient.  Not eveyone will come in, not everyone should.  But that's what denials are for.   


I don't think cruelty in the form of creating humanitarian crises is a necessary or even good way of controlling immigration.  Nor do I think the system should be so rigid it cannot handle unique situations like--say--mass refugees needing asylum.  


Our system as it exists is actually pretty great.  But where the most opportune place is, to me, for improvement is creating a better department and policies to help people trying to make the transition so we can keep them in the light (tax them, attend them), hold them accountable (possibly deport them), and do so in a cleaner way.  I would want the need for sanctuary cities to be largely eliminated.
Now I'm laughing, imagining the angry mob lifting tiki torches and chanting, "Make Sodom Great Again!"
damn is this why chick fil a on point with the sauces?
MLK doesn't seem to fit what you mean in the sense that he generally only made allusions to faith or made mention of religious freedom and equality as similar to racial equality.  MLK isn't preachy because he didnt use his religion as the basis for his rhetoric.  There is a difference between appealing to religious beliefs and using religion as part of the argument.  The former is a tactic to gain influence, the latter is a great way to piss of people who interpret religion differently than you.
Even notwithstanding this, Paul isn't saying what Sessions implies. On Sessions' reading, Paul's point has to be that there isn't any act of government which the Christian can faithfully disagree with. But that's not at all Paul's point. Paul is advocating the general principle of obedience to the law: he's not responding to Christians that take issue with some law, he's responding to Christians that have refused to pay taxes or make any recognition whatsoever of the governing power.

Part of the context is, as you say, the relation between citizen and government was not quite then what it is now. And this is particularly true when the citizens in question are Jews and early Christians and the governing power is Rome. But besides that, one of the things Paul was often struggling with were Christians who felt that they were living in the end times, and so it didn't make sense to worry about the perpetuation of political order. Compare 2 Thessalonians 3:6-15, which we might similarly imagine a conservative taking out of context as proof that the faithful Christian must oppose welfare and charity.
Holy fucking commas batman. Edit just saw the therefore. Top comment in thread.
It doesn't seem so long ago that the Pedes et al. were calculating at which future date America would surely be under Sharia Law. 

Now we're being invaded by .... spanish speaking Catholics? ok. Surely at no time in US history have we ever had these kinds of people among us!
No no, they're breeding with our Females, who ought to open their eyes and see all the great white guys around but they WON'T and somehow that's probably immigrants' fault too....
And only when it's convenient. Abortion is wrong unless you accidentally knock up your mistress, in which case it's okay.
As a Brit I'm afraid the UK as gone down this route. I'm looking at selling up, retire early and go to the Continent.

And I'm proud to boycott American Products, in the same way I was with South African Products during Apartheid.
Empathy must suck. The world is so shit you’d live in fear and depression all the time.
Do you have anything that isn't from a white nationalist group that wants to do away with immigration entirely?
[Illegal entry has been trending down since the recession.] (http://jmhs.cmsny.org/index.php/jmhs/article/view/45)

"Mexicans sneaking in to steal our jobs" hasn't even been remotely true since 2006.
It’s from a 2013 op-ed Trump wrote.
How much have you personally paid in taxes that go towards funding illegal immigrants in your lifetime?
And yet, we *didn't* get what we wanted. So we *made* it happen. Just like people are trying to do now with idiotic immigration policies.  
  
Thank you for illustrating my point :)
Did you not read my comment above or...?
Yeah *once.* During which time they are dehumanised and their children thrown into a fucking concentration camp. Good job, America. Well, the right-wing side of it, anyway.
Returning the favor.
TIL the U.S. is only white people.
Lol wut, we want these things because a high tide raises all ships not just your own. Is equality really too much to ask for? Universal healthcare? This affects everyone, not just white people. If everyone does better YOU are included in that everyone. But some people can't stand to see other people happy because misery loves company. Sorry you were dealt a shitty hand and your parents raised you to be so cynical of your fellow man. It's really a poor vs rich thing and we're down here at the bottom fighting for scraps and crumbs when nobody in this country should be.
You’re framing it as a race thing and I’m sure in a lot of cases, that’s their issue but my concern is logistical.
Sometimes that argument is right. Italian immigrants swamped NYC in organized crime for decades. The Mafia had such a stranglehold on NYC that for a while, they signed off on every single building that went up. Why did these immigrants bring crime? Because it was part of their culture in southern Italian. 

Organized crime is also part of many cultures in Central America, as evidenced by Mexico's current problems. El Salvador has he highest murder rate in the world I believe. 

So am I saying let in no Central Americans? No. But they need to do it legally and they need to be carefully vetted. We need to tread very fucking carefully, or else the US will end up like Brazil. Many on the left have this idea that only the victims or good people will migrate to the US. While I understand how they want to think that, it's naive and unrealistic.
You don't think having the kids who just went through a traumatic experience, they are not thinking clearly, and highly emotional. Getting those kids up in rallies and stuff?  You personally think we need to take away that civil right, so you are okay with that scenario of the exploitation of children for what you deem "the greater good".
Exactly, am I very concerned with what is going on in Mexico. The rate at which people are murdered and raped is a way bigger concern than some families having to go through detention. I haven't seen any proof yet that there is death and rape on a large scale in CBP custody.

The whole government is Mexico is on board here. Those expressing dissent are being murdered. I believe I read 114 politicians dead already on 2018.
Oh sweet summer child, time to put down that copy of storm front and realize 80% of what comes out of Trump's mouth is a lie.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/sns-bc-us--trump-fact-check-20180208-story.html
That is not at all correct, and whoever gave you that information is manipulating you.

Here is what has changed under Trump

Before: Get caught crossing border -> detained & deported ASAP

Now: Get caught crossing border -> detained, families separated because children cant be held for more than 20 days, wait for immigration court in detention wait more, more waiting, get court date, plead guilty to class b misdemeanor get sentenced to 2-3 days of prison -> Deported ASAP.

see the difference? It's a whole lot of bullshit (and a LOT of tax payer money) in order to sentence them to 3 days in jail. 

Meanwhile, the whole system is now backed up children are being scarred for life, funding has to be dedicated to detention centers, immigration court judges can't get to relevant cases because they are over loaded with these class b misdemeanor cases. Police and ICE are no longer able to get help from immigrant communities in helping to fight actual bad people. 

And what is the payoff? Juan gets a 2 day prison sentence for a crime equivalent to bringing water-chestnuts across state lines. 

That is the core of what is happening here. Anyone telling you differently, both on the left and right, are lying to you or don't know what they are talking about.
>Who it is being detained and separated is not who it is turning themselves in.

Yes it is. It very specifically is. It's a zero-tolerance policy, so crossing the border is the same whether they turned themselves in or not. That's what zero-tolerance policies mean and why it wasn't that way before Trump, because he's the one that turned it into zero-tolerance.
False, you have to be present in the country to make an asylum claim.
Nope. Now you're just spreading lies.
They have up to one year to claim asylum. Go be a bigot about something else.
>A tiny european country can have its foreign-born percentage drastically increase due to a mass migration from a foreign country, whereas it won’t make as big a dent for america.

You just explained exactly why it's only reasonable to compare on a per capita basis. Thanks for proving my point.
Probably because a decent amount are cocky high school kids who aren’t thinking things through.
Their entire movement is a troll job, led by a troll.
LOL...can't even answer my question.  

> If they do it again then it gets upped to a felony and impacts more severely those that are with them.

Oh...like we put their children under the care of pedophiles?
Source? I can't find where they were seperating the kids with no plan to reunite them. Were they drugging them as well?
So even if this is true you're admitting that they stop doing it because it was probably a bad idea. Great evidence really
Yeah, I linked a source for that on another comment.
Children are taken out of the parents' custody when the parents are detained. The reason for this is that since it's only legal to detain children for 20 days, by separating the children from the parents they are able to detain the parents indefinitely. :-)
Just because we can’t help everyone doesn’t mean the next step is start losing children and mentally torturing  people who just want to help their families.

Deterrents don’t work, they’re not escaping long lines and bad weather, they’re trying to escape a perceived certain death
Not true, psychology is a science and that's what we need to fight this. 

Back in the 90's, the cyberpunk genre was filled with 'mind viruses', like in Snow Crash. 

They talked about psychology becoming a military discipline, and individuals needing to practice mental techniques to protect themselves. 

I know that's sci fi, but the real world isn't that different. We've had about a century of detailed study of propaganda as a social weapon (which incidentally led to an advertising revolution that brought us our modern framework). 

We need to get the brightest of us to seriously start digging into that data, and using it to develop identifying markers in propaganda that the average person understands (That 'don't be a sucker' PSA is a good example). 

Alt-righers are usually drawn in because they lack something fundamental within themselves, identity, belonging, safety. 

They feel they can't get these from their government or nation anymore (because their elected officials have crippled these programs deliberately), so they look elsewhere to authoritarian groups like cults and gangs. 

A lot of 'escaped' ex-alt-righters say basically the same thing "I just wanted to belong, I didn't really believe a lot of what they were saying, but the more I hung around for the interaction and validation, the more their rhetoric seemed to make sense". 

This is kind of contrary to the assumption that alt-righters are indoctrinated by their parents, more that they are indoctrinated by the white supremacist cult they sign up for to give their lives meaning. 

In a parallel: inner city crime amongst youths drastically decrease when sports clubs and community involvement are offered as an identity alternative to gangs and cults. 

Maybe we need to find a way to offer that to these individuals.
And that’s why the rest of us are giving up hope of ever reaching these “people”
Quick, while he's distracted, someone call the horse catcher!!

What?

Seriously?

He fired the horse catcher? Is that even allowed?
His argument is that he is very angry that Hillary rigged the election against Bernie. He goes off the rails after that.
You're not serious, are you?

The article was about empathy- specifically,  about the incredible lack of empathy on the right. 

You can't even process that the article is talking about people like you,  ironically while commenting on an article about how people like you are fundamentally missing the point.

Taking care of your fellow man isn't leftist,  it's humanist.   It's the bare fucking minimum,  not some huge burden to bear.  The only reason it gets pegged as leftist is because the right has totally abdicated their responsibilities in that regard.
I know plenty of people that care about others that think raising the minimum wage would do more harm than good. 

I know they care about others, because they've done plenty of things to prove it, like volunteering to help the less fortunate and donating more than most people.

Many of them are economists, who are perfectly aware about what you're saying, they just don't buy it. A common argument is that our models predict a very, very small impact on employment and inflation, but that these very small effects are disproportionately absorbed by the less well-off among us. 

Mind you, I don't agree with them, but I wouldn't jump so quickly to the conclusion that they don't care about others because they don't support the same idea I do. You're essentially dehumanizing people that are not in favour of your ideas (they're not in favour of them, because they're not as good as we are).

We shouldn't fall into the trap of thinking that people who disagree with us can't be well intentioned. Unless proven otherwise, be [charitable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity) with your assumptions.
I'm not making any claims. YOU are the one arguing that republicans don't agree with your because they don't care about others, therefore, the burden of proof is on you.

Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
I assume you are talking about the 1951 Refugee Convention?  Article 9 lets the state patrol and enforce their borders. Its important to establish ID of the migrants.

In 2014 the EU had issues with open borders and solved it by putting up physical barriers.
It think he’s talking about the ideology itself being judged as good based on the observable consequences it has on the real world, not the judgement of people who follow it following death; which, to be fair, is a subtle difference.
What I mean is that, religion says "I am the word of God, therefore I am the truth and must be obeyed." It doesn't matter what the consequences of believing and following the religion are. Those are divine words and so it is a force for good in the world by definition. 

Communism, surrealism, and belief in evolution are all judged based on how they work. Their effect upon the world and the evidence for them determines whether we should obey/believe in them.

When an ideology becomes unquestionable (like communism was under Stalin) it becomes a de-facto religion.

For people who reject religion(s), the argument is that we refuse to believe their definition and so treat them like any other ideology and so judge the religion by standards that those do believe in it refuse to use.
>  To them its "we have a crisis"

When someone tells you this, show them[ this article that shows that illegal immigration is actually on a decade long downturn](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/01/why-is-the-undocumented-immigrant-population-dropping/426612/)
>You're exactly right--on Facebook (a friends' Facebook, anyway), I've been back and forth with Trump supporters on this. To them its "we have a crisis" and "either close it all up" (or so very much close to it, there's little difference) or "open it all up". No nuance.

One thing I have long noticed about right-wing personalities is they only see black or white.
> And the moment I'd mention that the primary driver--by all study and polling we have ever had from any serious source--is job opportunities and higher wages, so one major tool we have is helping Mexico improve their economy to create more jobs there and raise wages there

And in Trump's infinite wisdom, he wants to destroy NAFTA, making the economic situation *worse* for Mexico (and America).
Sorry, I’m not putting my life on the line for any country. My devotion to my family is stronger than that for my country and my family would rather I not be dead
You mean the Keebler Elf isn't a Biblical scholar? Why, I do declare, sir! I do declare!

> Compare 2 Thessalonians 3:6-15, which we might similarly imagine a conservative taking out of context as proof that the faithful Christian must oppose welfare and charity.

I've always wondered about that particular interpretation of the passage, since 2 Thess. 3:9 seems to say that Paul, when he visited the Thessalonian church, would have had the "right" to demand to be fed, but chose not to do so in order to set a good example for the Thessalonians. Is there any concord between that letter and one of the letters to another church, or did Paul think the Thessalonians were particularly given to bureaucracy and busybodies within the church?
Some incels believe that.
And breaking the law is wrong unless it’s a member of Trump’s administration, or Trump himself.
I don't live in fear but morons like yourself do make me a bit depressed.
Well everything is cited there. Mostly from the census bureau. Is the census bureau too bias as well?
"It’s not as simple as just letting them come for employment. A sudden increase of immigration strains resources across the board. It also makes the job market for lower class citizens harder because of the flood of cheap workers. This is basic stuff we are talking about."

That was the comment I replied to.  It wasn't about illegal immigration
Reminds me of that cringey communist subreddit dreaming of overthrowing this capitalist society. Not all dreams come true.
You mean the one where you are saying that people don't have to follow the law of they don't like it?
Probably shouldn’t let rape victims speak for themselves in court either, huh? They’re too emotional and it’s honestly just exploiting them to find someone guilty for what they deem as “the greater good”
plomo o plata. Lead or Silver. Get on board with the corruption and get rich or have your skinned decapitated head left on some sidewalk. Hmmm tough choice.
Not saying you’re wrong, but what’s your source for this then? Are you an immigration lawyer or something?
But Fox News isn't saying that so he'll never hear about it.
I did not believe you.  But you are telling the truth.
Do you really not have American Consulates in Mexico?

Edit: Comment below explains why the first half is wrong.  I assume thats the part you were focusing on.

Edit 2: Apparently its very easy to find out you can't apply for asylum at a consulate if you use google.  Looks like the only true thing he said was that we have consulates in Mexico.
I think you completely missed my point - we currently house the most amount of immigrants despite not being the most populous country on earth. This entire thread is trying to make it seem like america has closed doors when that simply isn’t the case
Yeah I guess I equate reddit trump supporters and the trump supporters I encounter all day at my job and they are most likely very different. The ones I interact with are mainly older white people in a northwest austin suburb. But they are most likely not frequenting reddit.
https://theconversation.com/detained-children-risk-life-long-physical-and-mental-harm-37510

Its not a new thing
That's really nice if him that he keeps espousing Russian cyops propaganda. I bet they really appreciate how much work he does for them.
At least that has *some* basis in fact.

The DNC favored Clinton, just like the RNC favored "Not Trump."

But that's not rigging, it's politics. Of course the democrat party would push their favorite democrat.
I love you and this comment. I have hope for our country in the coming presidencies, hopefully these years are waking up some complacent people
That's really interesting that you say that, and I agree, but there have been valid ethical arguments against that point. 

Really, fundamental "rights" as we typically understand them in the US are all negative, in that they set forth obligations to NOT do things that infringe upon others' rights. Many would say that you can't ethically mandate benevolence. The "bare minimum" is leaving people alone, and any more infringes upon their autonomy. Additionally, expecting of people (at least through law) to do more than the bare minimum infringes upon THEIR autonomy, as well. 

Again, I don't personally subscribe to this theory. I think that treating your fellow human beings as the locus and bestower of infinite value that they are asks that one offers aid to the sick, starving, and poor; the proverbial "huddled masses". But, hey, what do I know?
>I'm not making any claims. 

( ͠° ͟ʖ ͠°) 

>YOU are the one arguing that republicans don't agree with your because they don't care about others, therefore, the burden of proof is on you.


**( ͠° ͟ʖ ͠°)**

>Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.



Okay, let's go back two comments and see how accurate everything you just said is:


>>Many people argue against raising the minimum wage out of concern for others, not because they don't care.


>And many people are arguing against it *precisely* because they don't care. 


Wow, an astonishing 0% of your comment was accurate. 


What was it you were saying earlier, something about a strawman?
I fully understand your position but it's that position that results in a worse world for your children and descendants. 

If the fascists in America were to win control of the country, how long do you think Canada would remain sovereign? And where will you go when that war happens?
That's a sentence that can be said about such a wide and deep collection of their stupid beliefs
Trump may not have been an incel in past decades, but he sure as shit is one now. Perhaps that's a source of his weird paranoia.
Wow harsh.
>That was the comment I replied to. It wasn't about illegal immigration.

Well, at least you've finally owned up to being racist now that you admit it isn't illegal immigration you're opposed to.

You're also dead wrong about everything.  Countless studies have shown that immigrants are a net positive to the economy and aren't a "drain" on anything.  

We've also got crops rotting because not enough Americans want to pick it.

Just a bunch of modern Know-Nothings.
I would recommend turning off fox news for a whole day, see if the spell is broken.
They actually do wait a while in those cases so that the victim can calm down, think clearly and collect their thoughts. You've seriously never heard of a traumatic experience clouding ones judgement? Plus they are kids, so their judgement isn't what we should make policy on anyways.
This podcast with *dun dun dun* a lawyer.

https://openargs.com/oa184-families-at-the-border/
The point is that immigration, both legal and illegal, is way down in recent years, even prior to Trump. We may not have closed the doors, but we're in the process of closing them (Trump wants to cut the number of legal immigrants per year by half).
Yeah It’s definitely not just them, I have a ton of south jersey relatives and peers that love trump. I’ve seen a lot of older people slowly turn into trolls through face book.
1. I'm not seeing where it says they seperated all of the childeren from both parents. I'm not seeing where it says the children were not returned. Or anything about drugging them?

2. Did you really just link an article about how devastating detention centers are for children to try and prove your point about another country doing this? 

3. Are you a person capable of empathy? Are you a russian instigator?
Yea he's just really angry at the Dems bc he wanted Bernie. So he went off the rails. He's a pretty angry person in general.
Did you read the article? 

If the claim is that a number different from zero is against raising the minimum wage because they don't care, then well, that's true, trivial and irrelevant.

The article is written in such a way that it suggests that all (or almost all) people that are against ideas like the minimum wage are against it because they don't care about others, they don't share his ideal of what it means to live in a society.

You are arguing that a significant proportion of the population is like that. Back it up, that's your claim. I'm merely doubting that's the case, if you can show me any data that suggests it's true, I'd gladly reconsider my position.
Look I’m not saying it’s noble or a “correct” position. It’s not really a position at all, it’s just my honest assessment of what I would do in that scenario. Canada was just an example and I’m not assuming any specifics such as a civil war against fascists, so I’m not sure why you’re pressing me on that point. Just a hypothetical that if things were bad enough in America I would try to go somewhere else, simple as that 

I’m not really a sentimental person, so the fact is that if the place I live in becomes a shithole, I will naturally go somewhere else. I’ve only got one life to live and I’m not going to waste it if I don’t have to
I mean, without Rape or money, Trump would definitely be an incel.
 Was it? I feel no empathy.
I don’t watch any news outlet, but it’s kind of you to assume.
There it is. “I have nothing else to say so I’ll jab you with a petty FAUX NOOS HAR HAR “
Lmao so you’re saying they won’t start investigating a rape case until the victim calms down? Also, the whole parkland thing wasn’t just the kids, it was a good portion of the country tired of gun violence in schools backing a group of kids who literally just went through the very issue they were upset about. It wasn’t a bunch of kids rewriting gun laws on the fly, it was first hand example of a growing issue
Do you read previous comments or nah? I do not support these practices. You're acting like im defending the centers when im only defending the right to deport them.
>Did you read the article? 

Yes.

>If the claim is that a number different from zero is against raising the minimum wage because they don't care, then well, that's true, trivial and irrelevant.

Your opinion is duly noted.

>The article is written in such a way that it suggests that all (or almost all) people that are against ideas like the minimum wage are against it because they don't care about others, they don't share his ideal of what it means to live in a society.

- The article was written by a woman ^(pedantic, I know)

- The article does *not* suggest any of that:


^("If you aren’t willing to fork over an extra 17 cents for a Big Mac, you’re a fundamentally different person than I am.")

^("If you’re okay with thousands of people dying of treatable diseases just so the wealthiest among us can hoard still more wealth, there is a divide between our worldviews that can never be bridged.")

^("if making sure your fellow citizens can afford to eat, get an education, and go to the doctor isn’t enough of a reason to fund those things, I have nothing left to say to you.")

^("Maybe the emergence of social media has just made this heinous tendency more visible")


I'm not seeing anything in there that would give you the idea that she thinks "all (or almost all)" of Republicans are evil or whatever it is you think she's implying.
Yeah, that's what most of us are outraged at, the fact that kids are being taken away. I'm not really sure why you're on here trying to say that most countries are doing what we're doing. They aren't.
> If you aren’t willing to fork over an extra 17 cents for a Big Mac, you’re a fundamentally different person than I am.

Who's against raising the minimum wage because of that? 

> If you’re okay with thousands of people dying of treatable diseases just so the wealthiest among us can hoard still more wealth, there is a divide between our worldviews that can never be bridged.

Again, who is this person?

> if making sure your fellow citizens can afford to eat, get an education, and go to the doctor isn’t enough of a reason to fund those things, I have nothing left to say to you.

To whom?

> I'm not seeing anything in there that would give you the idea that she thinks "all (or almost all)" of Republicans are evil or whatever it is you think she's implying.

She's trying to build a case in favor of her ideas by suggesting people are against them because of the reasons listed by her. I'm sorry, but no. I've never met a human that agrees with this: "If you’re okay with thousands of people dying of treatable diseases just so the wealthiest among us can hoard still more wealth". They probably exist, but I don't see any reason to think they're many of them, nor to think they're the reason some of her ideas are not the law.

As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I heard someone playing this audio on one of the Bluetooth speakers at Costco the other day max volume

Edit: I think this is the audio, right?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=glpE_m8OE2A
Good on the protesters.  More of this.  You don't get to be a fascist from 9-5 and then go home and relax.
This is how you do it. Annoy them at home, at work and out in public. If the goverment won't do anything about it the people will.
Good! Anyone involved in ripping children away from their parents doesn't deserve a moments peace until they unify each and every child with their parent. It's unbelievable she can even sleep anyways. Go get her!
This is next level protesting. They should send her christmas cards with those sounds.
It should be on midterm ads across the country too.  With audio recordings of Nazi germany camps as a comparison.

"Is this what you want America to be?"
Womp womp
I'm perfectly ok with this. It's a nonviolent action. This is something she has the power to stop & she blatantly lied to the American people. If children in these camps aren't sleeping well, why should she be allowed to?
Make her uncomfortable.  
Make her regretful.  
Make her angry.  
She deserves every minute of this.
> There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked.
How is she supposed to spend time with her family with all that noise?
I'm finally at the point where I can't overlook people supporting this administration. I recognize that writing people off is a mistake and only serves to divide us further.

For me, this is the breaking point. If you hate immigrants or taxes or gays or whatever/whoever else so much that you're willing to explain away or dismiss this kind of cruelty, I can't put aside our political differences to try and be friendly or cordial anymore. 

This is fucking disgusting and inexcusable.
This biznitch goes to eat at a Mexican restaurant of all places in the midst of this. She HAD to be trolling! Hope the cooks gave her some special sauce.
May the children's cries give this woman longterm nightmares and make her seriously question her life.
Good.  This needs o happen more often and in front of every Republicans house.   Fuck every one of them spineless assholes who don’t stand up to the orange racist
No quarter or comfort for facists. Never let these evil pieces of shit live down their crimes. I hope Kristen hears these crys daily for the rest of her life.
This is one of the better types of protest for this woman, IMO.  No chanting, no screaming, just blasting the sounds of those kids crying for their mother.  

Every time she's in public.  Everywhere she goes.  Haunt her with this shit.
"Stop it!"  She demanded, clearly upset at the protesters.  "I can only be so aroused!"
"How DARE these people harass and upset my family?!"

 - person who recently called for families to be stopped and split up and children to be thrown into a fucking *concentration camp*...
These children, their parents, and their extended families won't know peace. Neither should she.
I want this ghoul's children to ask her what is happening outside their house, and i want her to try to explain to them why!
Love it
Womp Womp.
Excellent work, protestors.
Good. I hope she has to flee her home and seek shelter in a government building just so she can get some sleep on a shitty cot with a tinfoil blanket. 

And then I hope some courageous government hero locks her door and pipes it in over the intercom to her.
Lets crowdfund LRADS for the protesters
Idk why following these people Mnuchin pai devos Pruitt 24 7 to demonstrate isn't standard operating procedure
Sucks for her neighbors.
She knew what she signed up for. 

She knew this stuff would happen to her.
Then she bought a 39 dollar jacket and hung it in the window.
I bet her neighbors are thrilled.
Kirstjen needs to stop worrying about people she thinks shouldn't be in the country and start worrying about that j that shouldn't be in her name.
Amazing.

Now, does anyone else get the feeling this woman is going to quit soon?
These people do not deserve any peace of mind.
Shame!
Follow her everywhere
*Slow clap*
Make these people know that they're never going to be welcome back in polite society again. Being a step above the gruntwork is not going to protect them from scorn when it comes to such repulsive inhumanity.
Excellent start. Now start blasting some of the lies she’s been caught out on too. 

Children crying
.
.
Lie
.
.
Children crying 
.
.
Lie

There should be no peace for collaborators or fascists.
Bah!  Fake news!  Those are obviously recordings of American schoolchildren crying because they love President Trump so much, just like in North Korea.
https://www.wildfang.com/i-really-care-tee.html

100% or proceeds go to Raices
Womp womp, Nielsen
Democracy has its moments of awesomeness
I can see her quitting and apologising in 2 weeks time.

To bad she lied for a boss with Nazi-like tendencies. Her decision.
Patriotic.
God damn I would hate to be her neighbor.
I wonder what her kids think of her at this point. Imagine if she had a teenage daughter. "I hate you because you put kids in cages, not because I can't go to the mall."
How do you join this group.
Nice!
Alex Azar needs some of this too
And after she got done masturbating she fell fast asleep?
This is why I fear a fascist American state less than I probably should. Americans don't take shit.
No rest for the wicked
All protests should be held on the Elites front lawn. Descending on Washington does nothing, in fact, it would seem D.C. was created for that exact purpose, to keep protests  at an armed distance from the Aristocrats. It's essentially the "Help" desk for the Elite. Time to go around the Help desk and to go straight to the Managers office!
FUCKING GOOD. This is what I've been saying, we need to go to their goddamn houses and march in their neighborhoods. Disrupt their everyday way of life and things will start to change. They need to feel physical presence where they lay their heads at night, only thing will things change.
How absolutely dare you Sir!
good, that woman needs to remember what crying kids sounds like since she is causing so many to cry.
Get em! We need so much more of this!
 Under Obama, Children were not being treated appropriately at all. They were facing court proceedings without representation and not in their native language and being detained in very poor conditions (another good video here - https://youtu.be/WmiTStv_DGo). They were being detained in 'holding facilities" that were not good at all, freezing, and lacking access of necessities like water (sometimes, all the children were together and all the mothers and they had to pool all their resources to get proper care at all). The pictures of kids in cages happened under Obama as well (look at the video above again). 

The policy of placing adults in jail and the children who came with the adult in a holding facility is Barack Obama's policy. During this crisis, he was more lenient than Trump and did not enforce it as much. But the policy was made under Obama and has been used more by Trump, not saying either is right as detaining children at all in jail-like systems is wrong. A lot of what President Obama did was send the children right back to the dangerous countries, going against non-refoulement. The children would end up killed in those countries some time later. 

I guess my point is, is that this whole issue of children and separating families has been going on since the crisis in one form or another. Obama kept most families in holding facilities (but not always), but these facilities were horrible and were against the best interests of the child (yet no one cared then in the public circle). He also sent kids back to dangerous countries where they died after giving them a kangaroo court basically since they had no representation. President Trump is not much better, now instead of holding facilities, he is using criminal charges for the parents much more than Obama did. This leads to its own issues and fails the best interests of the child. More people care about this because of political reasons, because they didn't care about the children when Obama was in charge. That is what is frustrating.
Brilliant protest. I’m all about pestering these people constantly at their homes and work and church or whatever.
This is good.
If you are a reasonably well adjusted non-sociopath, there is very little quite so disturbing as the sound of a crying baby.
Vile disgusting slag.
Awesome.  Keep it up.
Aggressive progressives. I love it.
Good
You can't shame the shameless, but you can hound them to the gates of hell.
I hope they keep it up for months or years.  She should never have peace again.
I hope one of her children marries a Latino and she has a baby granddaughter that cries Papa when her dad leaves her for work.

Maybe that will crack her heart but I doubt it.
Should we all be attacking each other at home over politics now? This doesn't end well.
As much as I disagree with some of the things this woman has done this is just the sort of dick move that gives that makes the left look like idiots.  In the words of The Dude, "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole."
Within 60 days this will fade away and the news will pick up on something else, Illegals will stay and even more will come. Reagan learned it the hard way.
[removed]
That's Risky and Bold and I like it.
Her name is Kirstjen Nielsen and she's against immigration... Does she not see the irony?
folks.. she is a straight up nazi.. she does not care.
Why aren’t people hounding Trump and other fascists like this?
What about her neighbors?
Can we do the same thing with the chief incel, Stephen Miller?
This is the type of direct action we need to uptake as citizens of this country right now.
If they drive her to a nervous breakdown it wouldn't bother me at all.
Gotta have that CHEAP LABOR and SLAVE WAGES, AMIRITE?  Damn Panderer...shove that recorder up your CULO, CHAPPETE...
Why? Children aren't being separated anymore.
[deleted]
Do you guys understand the logic behind that policy? Lol how do we know that the adults these children came over with are actually related to them? They have no papers. Should we just allow anyone to come over who has a child? Even if they are criminals, just because they have a kid in their hands? Stop. This. Ridiculous. Outrage. It's going to get someone killed, especially when you're all just reacting emotionally. The liberal mainstream media's fear mongering is going to cause violence.

EDIT: do you libs want human trafficking to happen freely?

If you're going to downvote me, at least give me a solution how to fix this.
She needs to be fired or impeached for dereliction of duty. No way she is carrying out her mandates appropriately. Why are we okay with paying her salary?  Everyone should be demanding her resignation.
Showing up at people's houses is on the table now? Are you sure you want to open that Pandora's box? Have you even thought this through?
What a bunch of assholes. Way to shit all over everybody else who lives on that street and has nothing to do with this.
The absolute state of liberals in this country.  Why weren't you harrasing government officials for 8 years when Obama was in charge? Remind me again why he didn't solve all your problems with the border?
These protestors are evil.  Prisoners have been separated from children for decades and these protestors didn't care.  They hate Trump so much that they suddenly care.
Way to take the high road.
This will certainly get laws changed.

Good job!
Hopefully the protestors are within the guidelines and not disrupting the peace of other neighbors who are not involved. Disrupting others because your feefees are hurt is not the act of a mature, educated, and rational individual.
Like her and her family could give a shit.
One of these idiots is going to end up getting shot. Fortunately it looks like they're not on her property at the moment, but I fear that someone is going to give her justification for self defense.
Wow, this is very poignant.  Children never cried under the Obama administration.  Impeach.
Yea, by no means do anything that actually helps kids. Don’t vote for politicians to create policy solutions. Don’t file a lawsuit. Don’t even form a protest that articulates what type of policy you’d like to see. Just scream and harass a single politician as if that will solve anything. Just make a big scene and manipulate people’s emotions with some crying children. Fuck you stupid, myopic, political manipulators.
Another unforced error from the left... This is going to turn off pretty much anyone who isn't already a delusional Trump hater.
[removed]
People are becoming unhinged. This solves nothing. I guess it is easier to torment someone for doing their job and then go pat yourself on the back than to even try to understand the scope and magnitude of the problem.
The meanness, the vitriol and need to hurt and punish people over government policies or differences of opinion is unbelievable.
If we are to solve anything, we will do it by working together.
Remember- more than 10,000 of the 12,000 illegal children in custody of HHS were sent across the border with strangers. So in more than 80% of cases, minors were separated from their parents before they even stepped foot in America. Separated from their parents BY their parents!



All these self-righteous “humanitarians” are outraged that the gov’t separates minors in order to enforce the law; but where is the outrage at the sick bastards putting their own children in harms way so that they can scam their way into OUR country?
I wish I could take these people with bitcoin
R/politics should be renamed p
R/libtardhugbox
How is it any different from the normal Far Left screeching?
Stay classy libs
Public nuisance, violation of noise ordinances, disturbing thd peace, tresspassing, menacing, gang-stalking. I'd wager more idiots get arrested protesting, than children have been separated from parents/family. Idiots.
A real actual action that makes the people doing this want to reconsider their stances? I thought we were just waving signs and making snarky facebook posts til the trump administration crumbles :P
Oh my god, kids are crying.... Okay, you've moved me, let's have open borders.
I'm much more disturbed by this week's liberal hysteria than anything I've seen from Trump. This week has all but guaranteed I won't be voting blue in 2018 or 2020. Maniacs led by hypocrites. Just look at yourselves. Watching Democrats react to losing in 2016 has left me permanently disgusted with the party. You've all been triggered and trolled into showing your true colors. I would rather have Trump as a dictator for life than let you people have a say in anything. You would burn America to the ground just to get back at him. Luckily you're just powerless nobodies. 



I finally understand why people who agree with leftist ideals vote against Democrats or abstain from politics entirely.
Liberal terrorist tactics.
Ah send the mob out huh? Harass her at her home. I’m sure that will help.
>“No justice, no sleep!”

When Gina Haspel advocates for sleep deprivation we call it torture.
This is illegal. Most, if not all, municipalities have a max db level a source can emit. I'm pretty sure this exceeds that level.
>Protesters Blast Audio of Crying Immigrant Kids at DHS Sec Kirstjen Nielsen’s Home

"Wont somebody think of the children!"- oldest political trick in the book. 

The social justice jacobins just need to admit they want open borders.
I thought we are not suppose reveal where people live? Considered doxing and such. Someone did this with her. I'm all for people protesting outside people's homes. I wish anyone's address could be listed.

Meanwhile...

http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/bs-md-separated-children-help-20180621-story.html

People who really care REALLY help.
While I support the sentiment, it's not really fair to the neighbors who have nothing to do with this... I'd be pretty pissed off if people were doing in front of my house because of something my neighbor did. (Depending on how long it went on for. An hour or so, I'd be ok with it. If it's going on all day though  - and possibly ongoing on subsequent days then I'd be really mad).
Is it fake like the rest of the sad children propaganda being spread?
[deleted]
Why?  They stopped separating kids
OMG! Crying kids???  No fucking way man....just no way

Never heard of a kid crying before.
[removed]
That’s some project mayhem shit.
Ugh that kid at the end "puedo ir con mi tia por lo menos?" "Can I at least go with my aunt?"
Just breaks my heart that these kids have to go through this
Someone needs to add a voiceover explaining the context to that. Then blaring it everywhere makes sense. 

Without context it's just random crying. Most people in our country are still totally unplugged from all of this.
Seriously, I couldn't even get 30 seconds into that. Donald Trump and all his defenders can go to hell.
lmao thats hilarious (not the kids crying part) you have a link to share?
I have been playing the cries, full blast, out my windows on repeat all week. Sure you wanna turn your TV and not engage in conversation about it? OK.
If someone did that at my local Target, no one would even notice because it wouldn't be any different than it usually is. There are multiple children bawling every time I go there.
Someone explain the point of doing this at Costco?
That's such an elegant idea.
Now pitch it down and slow it [by 100%](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr6eFl7hCiA).
Required listening for all Republicans.
Are they using costco’s as well?
Where's the video? Or is that fake too like the cage pictures?
they were testing the speaker by using children wailing?!
Yes, link the video of children crying because they have to watch their parents be detained for illegally crossing the border. Luckily, there's no footage. Lucky for you guys, right?
Her and Womp Womp are done. There is no way back. They tried to pull off the weird thing Trump does where he behaves like a total psychopath and gets away with it, but for the rest of us thankfully there are still rules.
Been hearing this audio all over my city, blasting. Mostly out of cars
Well said!
Here's an article from a New York City newspaper but include a request for people to keep up the phone calls:
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/ny-pol-immigrant-children-treated-20180621-story.html
>  You don't get to be a fascist from 9-5 and then go home and relax. 

I find it 'interesting' that  [Kirstjen Nielsen's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirstjen_Nielsen) Wikipedia page does not have a [Personal life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_life) section.
Fascists that get paid and enforce racist policies with our tax dollars.
Check out r/DrawTheLine, they are trying to get more things like this pulled together.
No Justice.  No Peace.
This growing movement reminds me of the identity reveals done over twitter after the Charlottesville riot. Someone said it really well back then: "These people think they can be nazis on the *weekend."*

Now it's just the reverse. These people think that they can promote horrific policies, that the can rip children away from their parents, and go home after work or stop at a Mexican restaurant for food or participate in the multicultural society that they are working so hard to tear down. Fuck that. You don't get to do that.
The only downside is her neighbors have to deal with it as well. Personally if I lived on her street I'd probably add some speakers to the mix. I like stuff like this, but I also don't want to cause BS for people who have nothing to do with it.
yep, this needs to continue.
This needs to happen more, and it should target every single Trump supporter frankly.
The only problem with the plan is that stalking a U.S. secretary with the intent to influence their official duties is a big list felonies.
Any action that informs people and disrupts the system is a good action at this point.  These people don't deserve to feel comfortable anywhere they go.  They don't deserve to separate families then go eat Mexican food or enjoy a play.  All of them deserve to spend the rest of their lives doing ordered community service 60 hours a week then returning "home" to the most meager of conditions.  This shit can't be tolerated.
Finally. Where do these shits live. Honestly they are society cancer so much like a murderer in prison...i no longer care about your human rights.

Don't let them live peacefully they live in public, make it hell for them.  They deserve it!
Unless you're rich enough to have multiple large gated properties.
Didn't know enforcing laws that are on the books makes your a facist. Should we just let all the families go and not punish anyone for illegally entering the nation?
Trump and Cuntvanka can’t be let off the hook either. This is their policy. Their terrorism. Follow them everywhere.
[I took a picture of her driveway today.](https://imgur.com/a/v3isdax)
IF everything is fascist nothing is fascist
Looking at you, Megyn Kelly.
Have you been the to the U.K. or Europe in general?
We need to make them as uncomfortable (or 10x more uncomfortable as they make kids who are separated from their parents.  The audacity to eat at a Mexican restaurant while they are advocating this and making it happen (separating immigrant children from their families).
Yeah! How DARE she enforce the laws and policies from previous administrations!
Still pretending that enforcement of immigration law = fascism, just like everything reddit does not like somehow = fascism.

It gets even more pathetic when I actually attempt to discuss the definition of fascism with people and they respond with "Language evolves so fascism means whatever we want it to at the moment." without realizing that a word with a definition that changes from moment to moment ceases to have any real  meaning.
> More of this.

Why? What are they protesting? What do they want that the recent executive order doesn't do?
Yea this will really show her. The Blumpft administration is FINISHED.
This particular group is super sensitive to it as well. Look at Pruitt. He lives in constant fear just because he is afraid of what people will do to him.
This is the tactic that broke Nixon, an individual with far greater political savvy than this collection of ghouls.
This is what I have always said.

These politicians know that they NEVER have to speak to us, the taxpayer. They can hide in DC behind body guards and secure buildings. They dont have to answer for anything.

But go to their homes. Not the rented townhouse in DC...their real homes, in their home states, where their family lives. Wake the neighbors. make a lot of noise. Keep it up. Numbers are the answer here. What are the cops going to do if we dump 5 thousand people into a suburban residential street outside of a politicians house and start making noise? Go to their wifes workplace. Go to their childrens schools. If they still have any sort of side business, go there. Follow them when they go to eat at a resturant.

They work for us. They are our employee. They NEED TO ANSWER TO US.
I'm honestly not sure how to feel about this
It worked in Nazi Spencer.
You do understand how this will play out, right? If it is in any way successful, every Democratic leader will be harrassed nonstop at their homes by alt-right groups as well. There are better ways to protest than making life hell in the public sector.
You spelled kill them wrong.
Do it to the fox and friends assholes and the sinclair broadcasting newscasters. Rub their faces in what they are supporting. Oh and melania too.
And even when/if they do they should still have to listen to it for a little while longer.
Sucks for her neighbors though.
Agree but they were just as shit before.  I get that the kids are a tipping point..but it shouldn't be
That won't happen... Guaranteed some of those kids have been trafficked somewhere already
her coffin is soundproofed for this very reason.
[She was spotted in a Mexican restaurant, and publicly shamed in the middle of a meal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YozjHQw9j4o)
It's tough, but this is deterrence. Right?
> Good! Anyone involved in ripping children away from their parents doesn't deserve a moments peace until they unify each and every child with their parent. It's unbelievable she can even sleep anyways. Go get her!

Im curious, does that include Obama and those in his administration? There is no question that he and his admin did the same exact thing but at a smaller scale. So when do i see stories of people chasing down Obama with images and sounds of separated children?

Id like to understand if your outrages only applies when Republicans do it.
[deleted]
Fuck,  if I can find out how to do that,  I'd send it to all my republican family members.
First level protesting. 

Democrats used to chant outside of homes and burn crosses.
For about 30% of the country that may just rally them to vote R.
>"Is this what you want America to **continue to** be?"

Honestly they need to show people the horrors of the gop, the dead in puerto rico, the children being ripped from their arms and drive home to the voters this is what happens when you vote GOP. Interviews with people directly affected by their policies. We need to open their eyes and look to the faces of the beaten, the broken and the damned. Stop the CON vote DEM 2018.
[Tom Steyer made one](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/campaigns/tom-steyer-backed-ad-uses-audio-of-crying-immigrant-children-to-hit-trump-as-lawless-president).
I really hope good politicians run like that. It's time..no more nickle and dime.
>It should be on midterm adds

ads
Put it on robocalls !
The problem is, 9 months later there will be a Republican baby boom due to those ads.  All those crying brown children is just what's needed to give them those erections they've been missing!
Are there audio recordings of WW2 concentration camps?
This sub needs to stop hyperbolizing every issue and discuss them for what they are. There are legitimate logistical issues with detaining immigrants that NEED to be discussed. Spouting off concentration camp comparisons does exactly two things that benefit the administration: 

1. It desensitizes America for the next even more corrupt action. 
2. If it is a social issue such as immigration right now, it is being used to distract from political graft and pay-to-play going on in the background.
Some Holocaust survivors said that they would really appreciate it if you stop comparing this situation to the Holocaust and Nazi Germany because it's not even close to what they went through.
She knew what she signed up for.
let me hear ya say womp womp. 
 https://youtu.be/EehaFxD7XKY
Meta.
This is honestly going to be my response to any tragedy involving a conservative for the rest of this Administration's tenure.

Oh, Donnie finds out he has testicular cancer? *Womp Womp*.
“Where are the girls, Ms. Nielsen?”


“I don’t know.”
> It's a nonviolent action.

Psychological terrorism, actually.
Yes she does, and so does Stephen Miller.
Perhaps we could separate them for a bit and see if it gets quieter.
She doesn't have a family of her own. Unless you mean her parents coming over for dinner. No spouse, no kids. Probably makes it easier to avoid empathy for children and parents.
resign.  It makes the noise stop.
Many of us have people close to us that are unwavering Trump supporters.  Civil political discussion is no longer the high road.  This has gone too far, we can't afford to be deferential anymore when our country is sliding further and further down the dark path to fascism.  Take a stand.
She fled the protesters there before she was able to eat.
Boogers and cum!
[Very relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okNc-9Txjdk)

[Also relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNfciDzZTNM)
Like she gives a shit about the cries of those children... but she will give a shit when her neighbors hate her and she can’t go anywhere in public without being harassed.
I highly doubt she has a conscience at all.
How can anyone take this "concentration camp" narrative seriously when these are the exact same facilities the Obama admin used to detain and house illegal immigrants?
“Mommy sent a lot of bad and scary people away and out of this country and all of these people outside just want to see our country destroyed and to take away our freedoms”
Especially this early in the summer
This is a phenomenal idea. Holy smokes, wow.
What’s a LRAD?
Seriously.  It would only take a small handful of people to do the work of following these people around.  With a twitter account and a mass text this sort of thing can happen every time one of these mother fuckers are in public.
It might, but societal shame is an important component. If her neighbors have any sense of decency and are kind enough to acknowledge that children's suffering is a no-go regardless of anyone's stance on immigration, then they will likely be ok with this. Some inconveniences are worth bearing for the greater good.
If they're going this far they should target her neighbors, too.  They're far more likely to get angry and have a legitimate grievance and put even more pressure on her.
It'd be nice if she hung herself in the window instead.
It's ok to be ethnic if your skin is white.
Thanks for the info!!

They need to fix their HTML.  The link to RAICES doesn't work, and there are other errors
And then stupid shit like this.
That simpering “Thank you for your leadership, sir” she oozed when trump signed his loop-hole-ridden, good-for-20-days, I’m-gonna-ignore-it-anyway Executive Order turned my stomach.
She’s probably surrounded by people just like her otherwise we’d be reading about a block party bbq for these protesters as well.
https://www.dsausa.org
Instead of feeling frustrated, you can feel relieved that people are doing something about it now.
I don't think anyone is really arguing that things were perfect before Trump, moreso that we went from a pretty shitty scenario to a completely unacceptable one. Also doesn't help that everyone with an ounce of brain knows that Trump was using the kids as a bargaining chip for his border wall.
You're right, we all should have been outraged a long time ago.  After the initial shock of the zero tolerance policy I felt ashamed that I didn't know more about what has been going on at our border for years.  We fucked up by allowing the Obama Administration to pacify us.  

But, here we are now.  A bad situation got worse and people are finally pissed.
So you're saying she doesn't care?
Over politics? Now? I’m not sure which part is more distorted.

One political group has weaponized politics. They’ve seized power and mobilized actual troops to arrest people and put them in cages and expel them from the country.

Another group says that’s got to be handled another way. And damn right they realize the only way to have any effect is to escalate their response and make it extremely uncomfortable for the other side to continue their actions.
Protests are essential to stoping fascist movements.
Praise be to god king Reagan, our holy, one-true leader. Praise be!
[removed]
So much edge! If you all weren’t actually shitty people who want kids in concentration camps maybe you could consider this funny.
Liberalish here and i lol'd. This and republicans chanting "BE AFRAID" are the only stations we have now. Best country ever.
Ok so it goes full circle? You don’t prove a point with a *scary* adage.
>  Lol how do we know that the adults these children came over with are actually related to them?

Innocent until proven guilty.
The basis for your comment is faulty. Are our immigration laws outdated? Hell yes. But the law here doesn't say just because you have a child with you that you can just waltz in, and no one is saying that is how it should be. The problem here is that when you take the kids, separate them from their guardians, and then have no process to discover parentage or to reunite them, you could very easily add to human trafficking. The majority want asylum and were turned away from the asylum checkpoint due to a policy change by that racist cookie elf Jeff Sessions & Trump. Throwing all these kids in what are tantamount to jails help a no one.
Informing someone of the consequences of their heartless actions by opening the 'Pandora's box' of free speech? Yes. It's one of my favorite boxes.
Eh, ICE is making their numbers by arresting grandpas instead of chasing down Bad Hombres.
In fairness, Obama had a lot of policies that liberals weren't fond of. It's important to remember that he was one of the most centrist presidents we've had. It was just really dififcult for progressives to talk about their criticisms when the right was filling the conversation with absurd criticisms that had no basis in reality and had to be pushed back against. 

Same with cable news then and now. CNN is fucking awful, but the right has misdiagnosed the problems so bad that I have defend that shitty organization so that we can actually get to the real problems.
I forgot that liberals were all the same person who all had the same opinions. Gee. 

Guess since I apparently automatically approved of Obama no matter what I have no right to criticize fat Nixon. You sure got me!
Obama was not an asshole.
So, just to explain to you what used to happen:

Family gets caught entering US illegally. They get deported.

Here is what happens under Trump's zero tolerance policy:

 Family gets caught entering US illegally, get separated, detained awaiting their trial (costs a lot of money btw) plead guilty to a class b misdemeanor, get convicted to 2-3 days of prison, get deported. 

The detaining and separation of families is a huge burden on the immigration system, the US tax payers, and on the children involved. But it's ok because "they are criminals".
Crossing the border illegally is a misdemeanor ... no one should have their kids taken away for a misdemeanor.  Also ... this country was built on protest and immigration.  Just because YOU don't like the protestors does not make them evil.  The "Family values" party only cares about white family values and white kids .. I imagine there is no horror that trump can inflict on humans that would bother people like you.Cold, callus, and uncaring .. the modern GOP.
You don't take the high road with fascists.
Maybe not, but it's to make a point. We don't have the same attention spans that conservatives do. We actually hold politicians accountable.
Didn't fuckface sign an executive order specifically because of the backlash? It happened like 2 days ago, dummy
> Electing an idiot is not the act of a mature, educated, and rational individual

FTFY
Children. In concentration camps. And your level of emotional depth is to make fun of people caring. You need your fucking head checked.
> because your feefees are hurt

Our government is putting children into concentration camps.

Protest is literally about disrupting the peace and acting outside of "guidelines" because those in power have made the guidelines such that protest is warranted.
Feefee’s are what they call homemade pocket pussies in prison.
They have every right to attack her personally. She acted like a monster and we're not just going to forget that.
Well we're able to vote once a year to change politicians and right now we're still a little more than 4 months away from that. Guess that's out of the picture. Filing a lawsuit against the US government takes a lot of money and is a long drawn out process and by the time that even goes through we may have a brand new administration so I guess that's not really an option either. This isn't manipulating someone's emotions, this is showing the shit stain that's in charge of what's happening that her actions have consequences. These protestors are making sure that she doesn't get to work 9-5 and then go home and relax while there are kids crying for their parents. She doesn't deserve to lie to the public and then be absolved of her wrong doing.
[But it was a great way for our US Military to go after another country's leader.](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/05/30/530723028/how-the-u-s-military-used-guns-n-roses-to-make-a-dictator-give-up)

They must be "delusional Trump haters" nearly 30 years before he was elected.
How does one get a gun "ready," pray tell? Are you going to chamber a round? Point it at someone?

By "ready" I am assuming you mean "ready to shoot someone," specifically an unarmed someone/someones offering you no imminent physical threat, but please, correct me if I'm wrong.
Are you out of your mind. thousands of children have been kidnapped, by design, by our government. If you are so dead inside that you are not outraged. I feel sorry for you.  These people deserve to be hounded for the rest of their lives for their crimes against humanity.
In cases of unaccompanied alien minors crossing the border you are making assumptions about how and why they are traveling unaccompanied. Data shows the median age of the 5000 unaccompanied minors to have crossed in 2011 to be 17 years old in a report published by Congressional Research Service.  A 17 year old crossing the border unaccompanied is a bit different than the US government implementing a policy of separating young dependent children from their parents.
Stop lying
Two wrongs don't make a right, you defender of fascist policy
Another sighting of "whataboutism" in the wild! It's so exciting!

"Why do you care about THIS bad thing when there are OTHER bad things"

\-- Idiot on the internet.

There's a lot of shit that happens in the world that I can't do anything about. When my own government does shit, in my name, with my tax dollars I care and I can do something about it.
You seem very new to Reddit. How do you like it?
Who gave you these made up numbers?
I know Fox News sounds legit with how they present facts and figures, especially if you only watch Fox and Friends, Hannity, Carlson and Igraham, but it really is all made up and/or cherry picked. Save your sanity and stop watching them.
Tell that to the mom and dads I’ve seen begging to get their children back.
> Remember- more than 10,000 of the 12,000 illegal children in custody of HHS were sent across the border with strangers. So in more than 80% of cases, minors were separated from their parents before they even stepped foot in America. Separated from their parents BY their parents!

You got a source on that?

>scam their way into OUR country?

Oh really?  OUR country?  Are you 100% Native American then?  Because if not you got here by someone immigrating here to make a better life for themselves.  America is a country of immigrants.  That's what makes us strong. They enrich our culture and contribute to our society.  

This isn't about immigration.  This is straight up racism.  It's ok for your ancestors to immigrate here for a better life but if a brown person wants to come here for a better life they are trespassing.  We are ALL immigrants and we should welcome people fleeing violence and starvation with open arms.
Central America has a very bad gang problem, where kids are getting recruited at a very young age. It's so bad, parents are willing to use their life savings to send their kids on a dangerous journey. 

Central American cultural is based on christian values, they are honest and hardworking people. Don't debase a whole group of people, because of some bad apples. Example: Trump supporters don't represent America, America is a nation full of different cultures and practices all with the same belief. America is the land of opportunity, this is one of our nationals greatest asset. Lets not tarnish something so american.
Got a source for those figures?
Are you sure about "strangers"? The UAC designation does not mention whether or not they were accompanied by people they knew, extended family, or truly alone. 
 
And where is your source for claiming these children were all put in harm's way by their parents? What percentage of these children are orphans? What percentage were separated by circumstances outside their control? You're drawing a conclusion about people based on partial facts and a lot of racist conjecture. 
 
Your use of *scam* is also not grounded in any kind of fact and certainly not supported by the data provided.
 
You have to dig deeper into the data to get an understanding of what is really happening. Stopping only at the numbers and then providing biased, factually unsupported claims and reasons is as bad as just making numbers up.
The feefees of a Republican getting hurt? Womp womp.
The only protesting allowed is by conservatives, or nazis!  Better yet, punish all the protesting!  I'm going to make my own country with camps and second class citizens! /s
Disturbing someone's sleep >tearing apart children's families.  

r/theydidthemath
Hillarious coming from the guys that support mocking disabled people (Trump mocking disabled reporter or "womp womp")
Man, conservatives sure love to virtue signal.
Stay selfish, ignorant,  and stupid conservatives.
Yeah, why don't they just grab her by the pussy like our super classy prez?
Womp womp.
You know what else is classy?

Putting kids in cages.
Womp womp
That's the difference between them and you.  They are willing to be arrested to protest.  You consider obeying noise ordinances to be more important than THE SUFFERING OF CHILDREN.
Yeah except no one is arguing for open borders. Amazing how you people believe that somehow strong borders requires hurting women and children. Can you be more insecure?
Democrats are finally starting to realize they dont need to pander to scum like you
LMAO @ your triggered bullshit rant.
I guarantee that you were never a Democrat to begin with.
Better than Republican terrorist tactics that use AR-15s and other killing machines.
Whatever it takes to shame these people into not being monsterous Nazi douchebags is perfectly ok with people who aren't monsterous Nazi douchebags. You might want to do a little soul searching if you're empathizing with her.
This, but unironically.
I mean, as long as they dont run her over with their car like a Trump supporter did at Charlottesville or as long as they dont start a shooting like another Trump supporter did at the Parkland High School I think she will be fine...
Neilsen can put in ear plugs or leave. Prisoners have no such luxury.
This person's department is torturing families by separating them.
Womp womp
Lots of things protesters have done throughout history were technically illegal. It’s part of the job, so to speak.
You know there's a lot of space between "open borders" and "child concentration camps" right?
Nothing bad ever happens in the foster care system. Especially not when it's temporary and especially not when there is a language barrier...

I get where you're coming from, but it's a totally unnecessary scenario. They shouldn't need foster care, they should be with their parents. 

Really helping does not mean aiding authorities. Really helping does not mean "oh we will take care of their kids instead of having the sheriff put them in a cage at the old Walmart." You're just an accomplice at that point.
You guys are downvoting a link to a charity where you can go help?  Like a lot of downvoting also.
I think what's happening here supercedes any claims of Nimbyism.
> I'd be pretty pissed off if people were doing in front of my house because of something my neighbor did.

That's like, the whole point
Good, let's make them hate her for bringing it on them. Run her out of town.
And who would you talk to first? Someone in the noisy mob or the neighbor you kind of know? It's collateral damage. If you oppose her program, you're more likely to give her a piece of your mind about it and help the protestors with their messaging and pressure; if you sympathize with her, then the protests are also targeted a bit toward you. 
 
I'm not without sympathy for the neighbors who are innocent and also concerned about the problem this admin has created, but it's a minor inconvenience for wealthy people, and perhaps reminds them of the power of a mob and that they need to be more sympathetic to public voice, lest it get louder and louder and louder.
It’s idiotic and unproductive, full stop.
Is this your sad attempt to defend child abuse and government sponsored kidnapping?
anarchy is not a lack of government, but the act of using a sound system

the new dictionary is wild
What the hell do you think protesting *is?*

"Ok guys. Hold your protest, but try not to bother anyone!"
Good!
Being loud is anarchy? Are you serious? Destroying buildings, setting cars on fire, rioting in the streets—that would be closer to anarchy, no? This is barely civil disruption, less inconvenient than a sit-in. 

Disturbing the peace is not even a misdemeanor in a lot of places, similar to a speeding ticket. Is speeding anarchy, too?
>anarchy

Do you even words?
Have they returned the children they already have to their families?
Have they reunited the kids they separated? Until that happens, the pressure should remain. Just because you stopped separating new families doesn't mean your evil work is undone. Reunite the families and adopt a more humane and Christian policy.
Do you know why they're crying
"womp womp." The assholes are saying "womp womp" now to dismiss the suffering of children. It's so much shorter.
[removed]
You're not supposed to talk about that
His name is Roberto Bawlson!
What sends chills down my spine is how the adult almost dismissively says (paraphrased, I'm on mobile) "si tienes su número, te puedo ayudar". "if you have her [phone] number, then I can help you". Makes me think of how many children don't have contact info memorized. And as an immigration judge put it "they take your wallet, you get a receipt. But they take your *kids* and you get **nothing**. Not even a slip of paper"
[Get some tissues and read this](https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/21/us/migrant-mother-cindy-madrid-interview/index.html) Her mom, at the aunt's insistence, had taught that little girl her aunt's phone number. She *did* get to go with her aunt.
People will tune out voiceover. We're hard-wired to pick up the sound of children crying. They'll hear it, get curious, and find out. How they react from there is up to them.
The audio clip and 5he phrase "Can't I at least go with my aunt" need to evolve into meme form. (Not a shitty internet meme, the real thing).

Then play it everywhere.
>Most people in our country are still totally unplugged from all of this.

It has been a feature story or the lead on network news for a week. My mom knows about it.
> Most people in our country are still totally unplugged from all of this.

or worse, IMO, they just dont care "this wouldnt be happening to them if they werent here illegally"...
"I don't really care, do u?" /s
They’re unplugged to it, till you plug it in & they actually start to hear the consequences of the actions they’re allowing to happen. A crying child taps in to our biological coding.
People aren't that dumb. If anyone cares, they'll make the link.
There’s another one where the worker says “we’ve got an orchestra here, don’t we?”
Oops never mind, it was real kids crying
You're either lying or a gigantic douchebag
So the average Fox viewer or complacent person is forced to acknowledge it.
That store was packed and people were horrified. You could hear it across the store. It got people talking.
I'm guessing to turn public opinion.
Costco is popular moreso among Conservatives than Liberals.
I mean, how else would you test a speaker?
Has womp womp suffered any consequences at all for his statement?
So true, isn't it? Like how can people not see this with Trump? It is so bizarre.
She will take her *Former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security* for life and after a while after her tenure is done she will get speaking engagements and media appearances worth hundreds of thousand of dollars.
There are rules and a reckoning coming for the Deranged Orange.
Also, I suspect that Trump enjoys the chaos and wouldn't move a finger to help her.  More likely to throw her under the bus.
Spicer already has a cushy job at a superpac. 10 years on people have forgiven GWB.

Americans don't have long memories and they are not good at holding people accountable if said people have the potential to make them money.
This is my sincere hope. 

When this administration is done, these people will be so toxic they could get a job cleaning bathrooms. 

Sadly, I’m sure that they’ll be fine. Because the people they represent aren’t really going anywhere in 2020. 

Example? I live in a deep blue state. The mayor of my town is running for State Senate. A picture surfaced of him in blackface at a Halloween party in 2008. The commentary is largely “So what, it was a party” and “isn’t the same when the Wayans brothers did White Chicks?”

Sigh, there are just so many people that are ok with this. Where to start?
>this audio all over my city, blasting. Mostly out of cars

this is a good idea
Finally a use for my 1800W sound system that isn't just blaring death metal.
 that's so metal
That's probably just the new Eminem album, shit's hype
'When they go low,' "we know where you live."
I’m confused as to who I should be calling in New York? If my reps have already come out against it? I want to do something and I feel so useless.
There’s something really weird about the Daily News being a sane voice.
She simply walks into her rejuvenation matrix and attaches preserves her lifeforce of evil for another day.
I could seriously see her as a vampire bitch in Underworld.
Dude, chill out, reptilians like to keep their robots' secret.
It consists of running a dungeon in a pizzeria cellar.
She has no husband nor child. I personally find it unusual as strictly from physical appearance she is not unattractive.
If I were a neighbor my problem wouldn’t be with the protestors.
If I was one of her neighbors I'd want Nielsen out, not the protesters.
> much like a murderer in prison...i no longer care about your human rights.

Wait what?

Prisoners absolutely 100% have and deserve human rights. Suggesting otherwise is pretty sick and a path we don't want to go down.
Yo calm down
www.familytreenow.com will get you the addresses/phone numbers/associates/etc. of most people. If that doesn't work, go to the county assessor site that they live in and search for parcels in their name.
Not everything is fascist. This administration is fascist.
The 14 characteristics are:

> 1. Powerful and Continuing Nationalism -- Fascist regimes tend to make constant use of patriotic mottos, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. Flags are seen everywhere, as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays.

Checm

> 2. Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights -- Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, the people in fascist regimes are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of "need." The people tend to 'look the other way' or even approve of torture, summary executions, assassinations, long incarcerations of prisoners, etc.

Check

> 3. Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause -- The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic, or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc.

Check

> 4. Supremacy of the Military -- Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized.

Big ol' check

> 5. Rampant Sexism -- The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male-dominated. Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Opposition to abortion is high, as is homophobia and anti-gay legislation and national policy.

Grab em' by the check

> 6. Controlled Mass Media -- Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or through sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Censorship, especially in wartime, is very common.

Sinclair and Fox: Check

> 7. Obsession with National Security -- Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses.

Oh boy check

> 8. Religion and Government are Intertwined -- Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government's policies or actions.

Check check check check 

> 9. Corporate Power is Protected -- The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite.

Yeah that's a check

> 10. Labor Power is Suppressed -- Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely or are severely suppressed.

Arguable 

> 11. Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts -- Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free-expression in the arts is openly attacked, and governments often refuse to fund the arts.

Yes, check

> 12. Obsession with Crime and Punishment -- Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses, and even forego civil liberties, in the name of patriotism. There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations.

So many checks

> 13. Rampant Cronyism and Corruption -- Fascist regimes are almost always governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions, and who use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders.

Oof, check

> 14. Fraudulent Elections -- Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against (or even the assassination of) opposition candidates, the use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and the manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections.

You got any more of those Cambridge analytical and Gerrymanderings so I can CHECK
>FASCISM: a political philosophy, movement, or regime (such as that of the Fascisti) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader, severe economic and social regimentation, and forcible suppression of opposition.

That does sound very much like the Trump administration. If they don't want to seem like fascists, maybe they shouldn't act that way?
The 14 characteristics are:

1. Powerful and Continuing Nationalism -- Fascist regimes tend to make constant use of patriotic mottos, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. Flags are seen everywhere, as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays.

2. Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights -- Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, the people in fascist regimes are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of "need." The people tend to 'look the other way' or even approve of torture, summary executions, assassinations, long incarcerations of prisoners, etc.

3. Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause -- The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic, or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc.

4. Supremacy of the Military -- Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized.

5. Rampant Sexism -- The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male-dominated. Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Opposition to abortion is high, as is homophobia and anti-gay legislation and national policy.

6. Controlled Mass Media -- Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or through sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Censorship, especially in wartime, is very common.

7. Obsession with National Security -- Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses.

8. Religion and Government are Intertwined -- Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government's policies or actions.

9. Corporate Power is Protected -- The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite.

10. Labor Power is Suppressed -- Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely or are severely suppressed.

11. Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts -- Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free-expression in the arts is openly attacked, and governments often refuse to fund the arts.

12. Obsession with Crime and Punishment -- Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses, and even forego civil liberties, in the name of patriotism. There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations.

13. Rampant Cronyism and Corruption -- Fascist regimes are almost always governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions, and who use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders.

14. Fraudulent Elections -- Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against (or even the assassination of) opposition candidates, the use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and the manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections.

So in your estimate, how many of those does Trump and the GOP check off?
An actual concrete plan to reunite the children with their parents?
Really?

First it came out that the executive order stopping the child separation policy is only for 20 days, it will resume after that.

Then it came out that they're still privately ordering agents to continue the policy,
Only for 20 days https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trumps-executive-order-only-protects-against-family-separation-for-20-days/
The EO does nothing (read it and the commentary about it).

And this morning trump said he wasn’t going to follow it, anyway.
The what administration?
Does he though? The guy just keeps making outrageous purchases and doesn't seem to give a fuck.
It’s true and they’re using their victimhood in political ads now. Leah Vukmuir is running ads in Wisconsin where she claims to have been threatened and doubles down on her Trumpism with a gun on the table and a cross around her neck. I guess she never read the verse “turn the other cheek.”
Didn't he buy his Cone of Silence and hire all that security even before he started pissing people off? Seems like circumstantial evidence of intent to me.
tactical pants!!!
Imprison pruitt in Picher.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picher,_Oklahoma
Fucking should be.
Really?  Not incredulous just not super familiar with Watergate.
Don't fuck with their kids. They can't help whose house they were born to.
thats why the occupy movement died. Go big and hit em where it hurts. Their wallet and where they can see it. Hit the sponsors for public figures, we should be blocking access to trump hotels in addition to all these things.
Trump would approve of this plan. 

https://www.cnn.com/2015/12/02/politics/donald-trump-terrorists-families/index.html
If you harass their kids in any way you might as well not have a message because it'll be lost. Those kids didn't ask for shitty parents anyway. One of the best way to ensure their kids grow up to be the same shitty adults is exactly what you're suggesting.
Then General Trump will cancel the next election and declare martial law until there is peace on the streets.
Kids are off limits.
This sounds a lot like terrorism dude
Just because it goes against the regular or expected conventions of protesting doesn’t mean it’s a bad thing. Look at what they are doing in and of itself. This is a good thing. I probably have some idea of why you aren’t sure but really just focus on this event on its own merits.
Americans fight fascists. They don't let them off the hook. If our politics are broken, we start throwing tea into the bay. This is metaphorical tea in the bay.
At this point, I honestly wonder if instead of boycotting companies that place ads on shows we should just boycott companies that advertise on Fox at all.  It's hard to stay on the air when you can't pay your bills.
Put up a few trucks with speakers infront of the White House and Mar a Lago and blast away. I can assure you news stations around the world would love that, start asking more questions what is happening in the US. It puts more pressure on foreign politicians to deal with the situation in the US of what the hell is going on with your government
Or just cyberbully Baron. That would be great.
Never forget. They take advantage of our decency
Good. Make her a social pariah in her own neighborhood.
I’d stand out on the balcony in my robe with a Justice boner while sipping some joe. 

That’s the sound of America right there boys and gals. 

- - -

E: “the sound” is in reference to the protesters chants, not the sounds of babies crying. 

Felt that I should clarify.
They can go have a talk with her about the effects of her fascism on their rich white neighborhood.
That's part of it. Neighbors are going to get angry at the chum in the water that draws in the sharks, not the sharks 

Like....when my kid starts crying on the air plane, *I* am embarrassed. The baby isn't embarrassed. People don't get mad at the kid, they get mad at me for not quieting down the kid
It would already suck to be her neighbor.
If I was neighbors with one of these assholes I'd probably be joining in, quite honestly.   That and talk to the protesters about how to make sound more directional, last I checked you can buy used LRADs for pretty cheap (and their technology isn't that complicated anyways).  That way only her house gets annoyed by sound depending if the angle is done right
If I was her neighbor is ask the protesters if they needed to borrow more speakers
Her neighbors didn't complain to the cops about it. I get the feeling she's not well loved by them.
Yup, but common courtesy is lost in madness.
They're not a tipping point. They are a rally point. We've been tipped for over a year now.

[At 2.6 million strong, Women's Marches crush expectations](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/01/21/womens-march-aims-start-movement-trump-inauguration/96864158/)
Fantastic misrepresentation of an issue unrelated to the topic at hand.
What if I told you... you can be pro life AND also be against putting toddlers in cages.
Why do you think that?  Did you hit your head a lot as a kid?
Democrats are for affordable and accessible birth control and scientifically based sex education. Both are proved to make abortion rates plummet. CONservatives are against both of these. It means  CONservatives **love** abortion. 

CONservatives also love Kiddie Concentration Camps. Who are the monsters? I'll give you one guess.
False, but at least you tried to stay on topic sort of.
Buy blank xmas audio cards and record the sound on to it.
Be sure to write happy holidays inside.
Your family probably hates you
They don't need to be rallied, they are hosting their own.
We need more people to vote. The more people that vote the worse the Republicans do. That is why they try so hard to put up barriers to people voting.
There already foaming at the mouth to vote R. It's educated white people we need to reach.
Normally I would laugh this off, but in the past week it is a 100% fact 40million Americans want to be like the Nazis.
I can confirm.

I'm surrounded by people who might as well be firing rifles in the air and shouting "GITTERDUN!" every time Trump does or says something that pisses people off.

That's really the only motivation here. If Trump makes you angry, *good*, because what proves he's "strong" is an outraged media, a perpetually pissed off public, screaming children, and despondent minorities. They're measuring success at how "great" they're making America by how much pain they're causing.
So whitewash the ad. 

Make all the kids white, since we can’t show actual photos of them. Do t “reinactment” style.

I’d bet even if we said South/Central American immigrants but showed white kids in cages conservatives would be really confused
Ah yeah that 30% didn't need any reason to do that.
Cool, so we destroy them in 70-30 landslide. Sounds great to me :). You have to remember about 20-30&#37; of the human population are literally just either insane or "evil"...so those folks we are never going to get onto our side. WE just have to make sure the remaining folks in the 70&#37; majority who normally are "tuned out" to politics are firmly engaged and ready to vote en masse this fall.
that 30&#37; is voting for the GOP candidate regardless of who it is.  It could literally be Putin, and they would still vote for him, and say, "no, he's from Jersey, fake news fake news.
That's 21% short of a win.
More than that. Honestly, it's about as annoying to be associated with the types of posts I see in here as it is the most backward Trump supporters. Both just wannabe rebels who get off on exaggerated claims and lies about things they don't understand, mindlessly parroting and upvoting anything that supports a narrative they like.

Hardcore liberals in my office are off the democrat train as of today explicitly because of how stupid, misleading and lie-filled the narrative being pushed this past week or two is.
God damn Puerto Rico gets forgot so often now.  

Also all the kids in Flint that already suffered lead poisoning need health care services for the rest of their lives, if anyone in America remembers...
Hate to be that guy but that would only give those people a boner.

You need to show them in concrete terms *how Donald Trump is making white people's lives worse.* How his administration is fucking over the very people who voted for him and they don't even realize it.

Those people aren't going to care about dead Puerto Ricans, as fucked up as it is. To them, they aren't Americans, and to a smaller few, they aren't even people.
The corruption, too. The corruption is staggering. These people are stealing more every minute than I have made in my whole lifetime.
I just watched the unrelated video in the article itself where they include the clip of Trump blaming the Democrats for the policy and just the way he talks down and lies to the reporter filled me with such rage. I try to refrain from watching videos of him speaking because of this but I was watching a fascist wanna be strongman talk down to the press to spread a lie and it is so deeply against everything I stand for
Thank you.  I have not powered myself with enough coffee this morning.
No one wants robo calls, except the people making money from them.

I believe that has bipartisan support.
I am sure there are.. I don't wish to go look though. :/
> This sub needs to stop hyperbolizing every issue and discuss them for what they are.

We are.  These are concentration camps.

>There are legitimate logistical issues with detaining immigrants that NEED to be discussed

So now we're going to detain immigrants?  Does that include green card holders?

>Spouting off concentration camp comparisons does exactly two things that benefit the administration: 

After you just lumped in detaining immigrants, rather than using any qualifier for it, I question your motives.

>It desensitizes America for the next even more corrupt action. 

No, it points it out.  Unlike Weimar Germany, as in people there said:

Each act, each occasion, is worse than the last, but only a little worse. You wait for the next and the next. You wait for one great shocking occasion, thinking that others, when such a shock comes, will join with you in resisting somehow. You don’t want to act, or even talk, alone; you don’t want to ‘go out of your way to make trouble.’ Why not?—Well, you are not in the habit of doing it. And it is not just fear, fear of standing alone, that restrains you; it is also genuine uncertainty.

"Uncertainty is a very important factor, and, instead of decreasing as time goes on, it grows. Outside, in the streets, in the general community, ‘everyone’ is happy. One hears no protest, and certainly sees none. You know, in France or Italy there would be slogans against the government painted on walls and fences; in Germany, outside the great cities, perhaps, there is not even this. In the university community, in your own community, you speak privately to your colleagues, some of whom certainly feel as you do; but what do they say? They say, ‘It’s not so bad’ or ‘You’re seeing things’ or ‘You’re an alarmist.’

"And you are an alarmist. You are saying that this must lead to this, and you can’t prove it. These are the beginnings, yes; but how do you know for sure when you don’t know the end, and how do you know, or even surmise, the end? On the one hand, your enemies, the law, the regime, the Party, intimidate you. On the other, your colleagues pooh-pooh you as pessimistic or even neurotic. You are left with your close friends, who are, naturally, people who have always thought as you have.

"But your friends are fewer now. Some have drifted off somewhere or submerged themselves in their work. You no longer see as many as you did at meetings or gatherings. Informal groups become smaller; attendance drops off in little organizations, and the organizations themselves wither. Now, in small gatherings of your oldest friends, you feel that you are talking to yourselves, that you are isolated from the reality of things. This weakens your confidence still further and serves as a further deterrent to—to what? It is clearer all the time that, if you are going to do anything, you must make an occasion to do it, and then you are obviously a troublemaker. So you wait, and you wait.

"But the one great shocking occasion, when tens or hundreds or thousands will join with you, never comes. That’s the difficulty. If the last and worst act of the whole regime had come immediately after the first and smallest, thousands, yes, millions would have been sufficiently shocked—if, let us say, the gassing of the Jews in ’43 had come immediately after the ‘German Firm’ stickers on the windows of non-Jewish shops in ’33. But of course this isn’t the way it happens. In between come all the hundreds of little steps, some of them imperceptible, each of them preparing you not to be shocked by the next. Step C is not so much worse than Step B, and, if you did not make a stand at Step B, why should you at Step C? And so on to Step D.

"And one day, too late, your principles, if you were ever sensible of them, all rush in upon you. The burden of self-deception has grown too heavy, and some minor incident, in my case my little boy, hardly more than a baby, saying ‘Jewish swine,’ collapses it all at once, and you see that everything, everything, has changed and changed completely under your nose. The world you live in—your nation, your people—is not the world you were born in at all. The forms are all there, all untouched, all reassuring, the houses, the shops, the jobs, the mealtimes, the visits, the concerts, the cinema, the holidays. But the spirit, which you never noticed because you made the lifelong mistake of identifying it with the forms, is changed. Now you live in a world of hate and fear, and the people who hate and fear do not even know it themselves; when everyone is transformed, no one is transformed. Now you live in a system which rules without responsibility even to God. The system itself could not have intended this in the beginning, but in order to sustain itself it was compelled to go all the way.

"You have gone almost all the way yourself. Life is a continuing process, a flow, not a succession of acts and events at all. It has flowed to a new level, carrying you with it, without any effort on your part. On this new level you live, you have been living more comfortably every day, with new morals, new principles. You have accepted things you would not have accepted five years ago, a year ago, things that your father, even in Germany, could not have imagined.

**"Suddenly it all comes down, all at once. You see what you are, what you have done, or, more accurately, what you haven’t done (for that was all that was required of most of us: that we do nothing).**

I REFUSE.

>If it is a social issue such as immigration right now, it is being used to distract from political graft and pay-to-play going on in the background. 

We know about this, too.  This administration requires impeachment.
> There are legitimate logistical issues with detaining immigrants that NEED to be discussed.  
  
Such as, "why are we detaining immigrants when this was previously a civil issue that didn't require detainment?".  
  
You don't get to just pretend you didn't invent this problem from whole cloth and then expect people to take you seriously when you propose child internment camps as a solution.
[Wrong](http://thehill.com/latino/393226-holocaust-survivor-border-separations-are-just-as-evil-as-what-happened-to-me).
Oh look it's one of those toxic radical centrists. neat.
You're going to get a lot of grief for this, but I get what you're saying. It is [technically correct](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/concentration-camp?s=t) to refer to these as concentration camps, but that term in the US has the connotation of camps created for the specific purpose of genocide by death. "Internment camp" is a term with the same denotation but a more accurate connotation.

Careless use devalues language. The left has been telling us for decades that every Republican politician is "literally Hitler," and now that we have a protofascist president with actual white supremacists (Miller, Gorka, Bannon, Sessions, Tucker Carlson, etc.) in his inner circle, those of us trying to sound the alarm can be dismissed as alarmists. Decades of pearl-clutching hyperbole has only empowered the already powerful.
If you can get used to children crying for their parents then you're already a monster.
[Like Haaretz?](https://www.haaretz.com/us-news/.premium-donald-trump-is-still-setting-up-concentration-camps-on-american-soil-1.6197513)

Or shall we bring in [Lugenpress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lying_press), with 'fake news'?  Perhaps a little [government reorganization](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Government-Reform-and-Reorg-Plan.pdf) with a little [Gleichschaltung?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleichschaltung)

How about a bit of reframing?

The persecution of ~~German Jews~~Immigrants after the ~~Nazi~~ Alt-right seizure of power

The approximately ~~500 000~~43.7 million ~~Jews~~ immigrants living in ~~Germany~~ (almost ~~0.77~~13.5% of the population) soon began to feel the force of ~~Nazi~~ alt-right anti-~~Semitism~~immigration. The coming to power of ~~Adolf Hitler~~ Donald Trump and the ~~NSDAP~~ Alt-right saw the beginning of a process in which ~~Jews~~ immigrants were excluded from ~~German~~ American society, bullied and persecuted. Although it was slowed down at times for reasons of tactics and international politics, the aim of this process was, from the very start, the destruction of ~~Jews.~~ immigrants.

The period immediately following the ~~Nazi~~ alt-right seizure of power was marked by „spontaneous“ persecution, above all by ~~SA~~ DHS, TSA and ICE agents ~~units~~, who in various places conducted intimidation and terror campaigns at places of work, and physically attacked the ~~Jewish~~ immigrants in the population, or detained them in airports. The first ~~Jews~~, immigrants impacted by 'zero-tolerance', in particular immigrants from ~~Eastern Europe~~ Southern and Central America, had their children sent to concentration camps. From the earliest days of the new regime, various decrees relating to ~~Jews~~ immigrants started to be issued, limiting their ability to carry out their professions, enter public facilities, including the United States, and so on. Many of these decrees were issued by ~~local authorities~~ executive order, and ~~numerous German~~ American communities put up signs suporting forbidding ~~Jews~~ Muslims or others, from entering their territory and nation. 

If you can't see it.  You are willfully blind.

Other holocaust survivors are telling us to wake the fuck up.
>Some Holocaust survivors said that they would really appreciate it if you stop comparing this situation to the Holocaust and Nazi Germany because it's not even close to what they went through.

I keep seeing this sentiment, and as a Jewish American, I will continue to call bullshit. 

"Never again" arouse from the Holocaust for a reason.  Stay vigilant and speak up when you see the signs starting again, like right now. 

But by all means, keep using Holocaust victims and surviors to try and guilt trip people into not calling out our **Nazi problem**.

It's a real good look...
> it's not even close to what they went through.

That's exactly the point.  If we wait until *we're* all going through what *they* went through, it's already too late.  The idea is to recognize what could be on the horizon and try to prevent it.
No, I don’t think anyone has compared it to the holocaust. But this is headed the same way as the beginning of nazi Germany.
You got a source for that?
Hboss45 you gonna delete this?
Source?
Source: Your ass? You sound an awful lot like Trump and his fake everyone has been saying.
And who the fuck are you? The Lorax of Holocaust survivors?
Concern troll
If true those Holocaust survivors are dicks.
Source?
Nope everyone is saying this is terrible. All the best people agree.
And then some say it's an apt comparison to what happened pre-Holocaust. So...stalemate I guess.
It's the Democrat's fault!
Ah, so, just a taste of the pain her department is inflicting on families and children.
No it's not. It's not a threat of violence. It's just accountability. She causes the actions, she can't distance herself from the consequences.
So be it. They're terrorizing young children. They reap what they sow.
Liberals make the best terrorists.
Nah he just needs to be removed from earth
Better send them to different sides of the country to be sure.
Freshly made sour cream.
This exactly.  She cares only about herself.
Which is what we should endeavor to see happen for literally everyone in the administration.

These assholes need to be made into social pariahs.
So...was it right for Obama to do this? I mean he didn't, that lie was debunked *long* ago but even if he did - how happy are you that Trump is doing the same things Obama did? Wasn't he supposed to be *different*?

Also, the ACA just HAD to go but the child-snatching policy is all good to the right I see...
Trump a year ago set developed a policy to purposefully kidnap children in order to "send a message." Quit trying to defend child abuse and crimes against humanity.
So it was awful when Obama did it, but OK now that Donnie's doing it?
Lordy, I hope ~~there are~~ they keep playing those tapes.
noisy bois used by cops
Long Range Acoustic Device.
I see this sort of argument throughout the comments. The concern about the neighbours has nothing to do with societal shame but activity is being imparted *on* the neighbours as well, regardless of their position or ability to enact change.

I hate that this is happening but I guarantee you that I would not want to hear the cries of heart broken, confused and scared children, regardless of how much of an asshole my neighbour was. I've listened to countless recordings - I frankly thought that was important to do not just to try and understand their pain but because the burden is everyones to an extent for the government we ended up with and the actions it's not taking (political partisan blame aside). The first 5-10 minutes is just peachy and I think anyone can get with that, but what follows could easily be classed as an indignity on the rest of people who don't support their treatment or their neighbour. I don't think we should be trying to give other residents an unjust nightmare.

As it is, I even struggle with tactics like these about showing up to a private address to do this. I lean to supporting it simply because of what the families affected are enduring in these camps.
Yeah, but we don't pay attention to what you post here.
It was pathetic.  I had to turn it off.  Yeesh.
I know exactly where she lives (I can recognize it from the videos) and I can assure you that she absolutely is not. Not in her neighborhood. This was at 8am on a Friday before 4th of July week, when most people had already left for work, or left for vacation.
>  pretty shitty scenario 

This is where you are wrong. It was unacceptable then too. Kids were in freezing cages with no water. No one cared about it then, but I went to the IACHR (check the video) and was one of the people who fought for the children. 

I'm glad Trump is doing something about it now, but this is fake outrage, because you all didn't care in 2014.
She really doesn't care, do u?
>weaponized politics



>seized power



>mobilized troops




Man you've really got that outrage terminology down pat don't you?
Seized power by... Winning elections? Sorry that we live in a country that has borders and doesn't let anyone in undocumented.  Are you actually this deluded or just trolling?
Obama put people in cages also. Were you outraged then or is this politics? What should we do with people who cross the border illegally? Let them all in? This isn't some easy fix and the fact that you assume the worst in everyone who disagrees with you is your problem.
That statement is why you guys arent taken seriously
[removed]
fuck off. you don't give a damn about these children. you all just like many of these illegal immigrants are just using them as shields. and its clear to see since NOBODY cared what happened in these centers before trump and NOBODY advocates citizen children whose only legal guardians get arrested not be separated. this is just time #3493094309 to call trump a nazi, completely trivializing how actual nazis operated. It's the fucking law and it's been like this well over a decade. Don't like it, GO TO THE PEOPLE WHO CREATE LAW. You call Trump a dictator, but you want him to act like one when it comes to this issue since it's not up to the president to just not follow it with an EO. obama got sued for this. 



Now you damn fools are cheering for doxxing which will probably lead to more violence here than the violence committed in 2015 being attributed to Trump somehow when the media isn't busy fabricating stories for magazine covers.
I can’t tell if there’s protesters outside my door, or it’s just your comment
Yet you guys want to keep all these so called "families" together. Lol what if these "guardians" are pedophiles or child abusers? Do we know their records? I don't think so....
We shouldn't be giving asylum like it's candy. Especially when we don't know who these people are. We know nothing of their records. How is defending your borders racist? Why don't you house all these people in your house and pay for them? You guys are total hypocrites when it comes to these things. "let them in you racist xenophobes". You pay for them then. Stop saying these people are these kids guardians, when we have no idea who these people are in relation to these children. How about some solutions instead of the same emotional outrage your giving me.
So since he wasn't an asshole you didn't care what happened to people at the border?
I love how a guy from Netherlands has more information about this than a guy actually living in the same country. I'm happy that others are paying attention, but it's hella sad seeing people like him not understanding how inhumane this shit is
[removed]
>FTFY

You added a statement, since they are both true and not mutually exclusive. You're welcome for the correction in your incorrect usage of an acronym.
Can you give me a source that talks about the conditions of these concentration camps?
> Our government is putting children into concentration camps.

You only use this terminology for the outrage but you know it is not the correct reference.  Separating children from there families is not best practice but to use this verbiage is grandstanding.
How is this a right?
Who gives a shit about her. Go help the fucking kids. You’re just as much of a monster here. Do something that actually matters and stop supporting these utter useless protesters. You’re just ignoring the hard work that needs to be done, and substituting self serving moral outrage.
Hey you identified that the problem is hard. Congratulaions. I’m not sure what else you expected, but at least it’s a start. I sure would love to live in a world where every problem can be fixed overnight with nothing more than a bunch of screaming and wailing, but ultimately I know I don’t live in that kind of fantasy world. Start doing your research, and figure out how to solve this with legislation. That’s the only way it gets done.
They deserve to be in JAIL.
Blah blah blah screaming whataboutism at every opportunity is getting almost as old as screaming racism at every opportunity.  What can you do?  Lose more elections by fake crying in the streets everytime something happens?
Sounds convincing, he used numbers. That makes it true /s
Spoiler: his ass.
https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/stats/southwest-border-unaccompanied-children/fy-2016 if these numbers from 2016 are true, then his stats are correct. https://www.cbp.gov/document/annual-report/cbp-border-security-report-fy2017 The pdf reports are at the bottom. Also shows tons of other interesting stats...
https://bigleaguepolitics.com/nielsen-10000-of-12000-detained-kids-came-without-their-parents/



Wanna ask yourself why you haven't heard of this? You're being played and used. Get out of your liberal propaganda bubble and look at the real world.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna884871 NBC has the same numbers in their article. Look at my DHS info comment, it shows how many unaccompanied children cross the border for this year and previous years. He is right.

Does anyone here do research before telling someone they are wrong?
>Oh really?  OUR country?  Are you 100&#37; Native American then?  Because if not you got here by someone immigrating here to make a better life for themselves.  America is a country of immigrants.  That's what makes us strong. They enrich our culture and contribute to our society.

One correction for you. The current known "Native Americans" were not the first people within the Americas. Prior to the Clovis Era of history, another group was settled in the Americas. The current genetic makeup of "Native Americans" were actually invaders in an already settled land with the current theory being they eradicated the previous inhabitants. This whole "Native American" label  is already contrived and if we are to hold that Natives somehow have a claim on land because they conquered it, than the current conquerors/inhabitants have as much of a claim to Native status as they would.
I have to fight for my children's future. It's my obligation.


All the Hispanic countries are shitholes but I’m sure when the United States becomes an Hispanic country it’ll actually be really nice. It definitely won’t be like Colombia or Brazil, it’ll be like Vermont but with tacos.
You know, they didn't run her over with a car so they're not protesting correctly per conservative standards.
They also gave them to child traffickers but no one really cares unless Trump was the one doing it
Hell yeah, you tell that fool! Somethings are worth making people uncomfortable for. This administration should not be allowed to weather this self-made shit storm.
No thats what the left turns the arguement into to in order to fulfill your narrative
They always act like this:

* Don't support Donnie, you must hate America
* Don't support tax cuts, you must hate industry
* Don't support immigration ban, you must hate Americans
* Do support NFL players kneeling, you must hate the flag
* Don't support alt-right, you must hate white people

Only the Sith deal in absolutes.
But then again respect for the law, personal responsibility, the individual or private property isn’t what leftists are known for.
You should do a little soul searching yourself if you think that going to someone’s home and harassing them everywhere they go is commendable. The fact that you think this is appropriate shows what a lack of self reflection your own side has.
Yeah exactly. What an insanely idiotic comparison.
>This person's department is torturing families by separating them.

So you want the kids imprisoned along with their parents?
I see what you did there.
>You know there's a lot of space between "open borders" and "child concentration camps" right?

Okay, so when parents are arrested for crossing the border where should the children go?  Keep them in detention with the family(assuming they are even with their family) or separate them and put them into protective custody or foster care?  (im not passing judgement which is worse)

The government was sued for keeping illegal immigrant children in detention centers and the courts agreed. (Flores settlement) now trump is some kind of nazis for enforcing the law.  

If you hate the laws then blame congress. They are the people not doing their jobs.
I agree that they shouldnt put them in cages.  But you know who doesnt agree with that?  Our government doesnt.  Trump or Obama's.  
With the zero tolerane policy its worse under Trump.   Not gonna argue.

Government is usually the cause of, and rarely the solution to any problem.  Basically these people are mad at the people that put kids in cages, and demand from those same people a solution to the children in cages.  People that genuinely want to help people find a way to do it.  They dont grandstand in front of cameras and harrass a person that cannot change any policy at all.

I dont see these people making actual change to anyones lives in Mexico.  Trump called it a shit hole and he was called racist.  So whats it like where they come from?  Is it nice?  I kinda doubt it.  Its not racist to point out suffering.  Its insensitive  to call it that, but its not incorrect.  The crisis is a symptom of a larger problem.  Treating only the symptom is as insane as demanding action from those whos actions you object to.
Clearly
I'm just following the guidelines provided by the [ALCU](https://aclu-or.org/en/know-your-rights/your-right-protest). There are legal ways to protest and illegal ways to protest.
He does, he just doesn't care, like our First Lady
i'll go get the rubber band
I am Jack’s lack of confidentiality
> Makes me think of how many children don't have contact info memorized.

It's one thing to have your own contact info memorized, mine was grilled into me as a kid, but someone else's?  That's asking a lot of a kid.
If we take custody of a child we are responsible for them.  It's not their job to provide the phone number, we are responsible to find their family.
Also, that child did not end up with her aunt and is in detention to this day.
All of this trouble could be eliminated if people didn't commit the crime of crossing the border with vulnerable children.
Maybe. My neighbor is an avid Trump supporter, and he is a shit dog owner. Lets them bark, never picks up the shit, all against code in my county. Nothing I said, pleaded or screamed at him worked. Then I set up a boom box and blared a traditional Mexican music am station for three hours. Right up until 10 PM. That was almost two years ago.

Now, if his dogs bark at me at all, then he pulls them inside.  My point is that it may not be the kids crying, but them hearing the language of their enemy that makes an impact.
something about the sound of children crying, infants especially, strikes me right in the heart. my landlord recently built an extra wall between my apartment and the next because a man with a baby moved in. the baby, likely stressed from the move, cried from 8pm-2am and again at 6am, my heart was racing all night, I was pre panic attack and losing it. no matter how much I turned up the tv, it didn't help, that sound cuts through everything. maybe it's a maternal thing, I don't have children, but I always feel panicky when I hear them in distress.
Doubt it. They'll hear it, think "oh that's annoying, wonder what's wrong with that weirdo and his boombox." Best case, it'd be "Aw that's too bad about Syria or whatever."
Lot of people don't watch the news, or even actively avoid it, or forget about it the instant the TV turns off.
What? Costco is just popular in general. That place is dope to consumers and employees.
play womp womp
He was let go from the agency that books him on all his paid gigs. He’ll probably get hired by someone else, but apparently that one was like the NFL of speaking agencies and the rest are more the minors. So it potentially cost him some money at least in the short term.
He was [dropped from some speakers bureau](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2018/06/21/corey-lewandowski-dropped-speakers-bureau-after-womp-womp-quip/723976002/). Not sure what that even is or how much of an embarrassment or inconvenience that is for him.
Not really. I mean he was already supposedly going to be "done" after shoving reporters and sexually assaulting someone. I mean the whomp whomp has gotten a lot of play but really right in the mold of what people already know about him.



T-Mobile still employs him for some unknown task (i.e. peddling influence)
Not much so far, and he was on CNN yesterday. He gave a half-assed "I'm sorry people were offended" but still basically denied he was mocking the kid or her family and doubled-down on his rhetoric.
Seemingly not. He was back on CNN withing 48 hours
Introducing Womp Womp:  the new NFL commissioner.
He appeared on Cuomo Primetime last night as the lead interview.
Not really, no
Not that I can tell, no.
You want consequences for "Womp womp" now?
The president is above the law as long as Congress refuses to be a check on him. It's a very deep flaw in our system that needs to be addressed if we ever get the fascists out of power.
Team politics. No matter what your team does, so long as the other side is upset you must be doing something right.
And we should go to each of these engagements and appearances and blare the audio of crying children, the children she separated from their families.
Yeah I think people are just deciding to do it. Really doesn't seem organized. Heard someone playing it loud on their phone too
"When they go low, place amps in front of their homes and offices and turn it up to 11"
This is the approach we need to take.

Michelle Obama's "When they go low, we go high" rhetoric was admirable and appropriate during **peace time** -- that time has passed long ago.  We need to adopt a multi-modal approach to defeating the current administration, and a part of that is that we **must** be willing to sling mud and roll around in the shit if we have to.  We will get nowhere with this administration, nor its base of servile idiots, by playing nice.
You can't shame the shameless, but you can hound them to the gates of hell.
‘When they go low’ sometimes we need to go subterranean!
call and thank them and ask them what you can do.
I felt the same way, wondering other than voting in this coming November what else can I do.  But ever since I found out the RAICES fundraising two days ago, I immediately donated, and felt a bit better.  The fundraising started out asking for $1,500.  Now it has raised 18.5 millions with almost 500,000 people donated.  If half million people felt so strongly that they are willing to part with their hard-earned money, I wonder how many more are there as "silent majority."
Call both senators, your congressional representative, the New York Times. The reason for calling Congress Critters is it they keep count so the more the merrier and the better the impact. The reason for calling the New York Times is that they have not been as assiduous in covering issues like where the children are located how many are sick besides the 12 reported by the hospitals in the article, for instance:

1. How many of these children in other states are being brought to hospitals without appropriate medical records? 

2. How many children that are not placed into foster care but into these little concentration camps are sick, suicidal, or, for that matter, dying?

Edit: the New York Times just came out with an excellent article on where the kids are. So, instead, call them to thank them. Calls are important so that they can gauge public interest
Call and thank your reps for doing the right thing. Consider voting for Cynthia Nixon in the primary for your governor’s race - she has called for abolishing ICE and stopping this treatment of immigrants altogether.
NYC is harboring young girls who are being moved in the dark under blankets. I’d suggest calling or writing your reps about that fact. Http://Resistbot.io is an easy method.
No one.  ICE stopped separating kids.
It's not sophisticated but it does do some rather good reporting. It can be off-putting because it will  have headlines like "Creep on Subway Looks up Woman's Skirt" (not a real example, just an idea of the style)
She needs the tears of immigrant kids to fill her amniotic chamber.
Actual footage from the inside of one of her concentration camps:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4voZl28ADM
i thought maybe she went into her Borg alcove to recharge
Like a female Ann Coulter, maybe.
a) She's a fucking monster and deserves nothing good in her life

b) WTF are you talking about? Many, many women have other priorities besides marriage and children and their priorities are just as valid as anyone else's priorities. Thank God we live in a society where it is possible for us to choose what we want in life

c) She's really a horrible person
Evil's pretty ugly.
Of course. That could be a motivator too, she's such a hated person nobody wants her as a neighbor. I feel zero pity, she at any time could say that's enough and quit.
agreed. this is pretty much the basis of what people are upset about...
deserve and caring are 2 different things. I guess what I'm saying is that there is very little that protesters could "peacefully do" to these pieces of crap where I would have any pitty on them. Similar to people in prison, I'm sure it sucks, the food, the life...but it's what they deserve for who they are and what they have done.
These are leftists, empathy isn't really something they're familiar with.

It's all teenage angst.
No it is not
>That does sound very much like the Trump administration.

No. Trump has actually repealed several executive orders from previous administrations that claimed more power of the executive.

As for race above the individual, there is a major overlap between vehemently anti-Trump crowd and those who declare any police use of force against a black person wrongful, without regard for the actions of the individuals involved.

On the subject of economic and social regimentation, the Trump administration presided over the repeal of of government mandate forcing private citizens to but certain products, and some reduction in the highly unequal tax structure.

On to forcible suppression of opposition. Remind me which group wants the first amendment not to apply to speech they find offensive?
Specifically which children and parents? Ones who were arrested?
Sources?
> First it came out that the executive order stopping the child separation policy is only for 20 days

Was that actually confirmed? Last I heard, it was being reported anonymously to CBS.

>Then it came out that they're still privately ordering agents to continue the policy

Where can I read about this?
>The EO does nothing (read it and the commentary about it).

I read the EO and thought it does more than we really needed to. What commentary have you seen?
The Blumpy administration. [https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=blumpy](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=blumpy)
are you telling me you dont buy tactical sandals and polos?
Well, when you're on step 6 of the 8 steps of genocide, you don't just sit there at your table in an ad and say "look at this delicious balanced breakfast!"
Hahaha the fascists think they’re going to intimidate us. How fucking cute.

All that talk about your blood and soil. We’re happy to mix the two.
Nixon was INCREDIBLY interesting, and Watergate was a crazy series of events. There are tons of great books on both. My favorite on Nixon, which of course gives a good account of Watergate, is Being Nixon by Evan Thomas.
>Don't fuck with their kids. They can't help whose house they were born to.

Tell that to ICE
Yeah, going to their children's schools if the parents aren't there is some dumb shit.  Does not follow the logic of "They work for us" at all.  Stick to bothering the actual bad actors.
>	Don’t fuck with their kids.

Ironic
I mean don’t do anything directed at the kids, but the idea in the above comment is disrupt their lives as much as possible. The people they socialize with are included in that. 

If every single parent at that school has to drive by a thousand protesters holding pictures of children in prison camps and blaring audio of the crying they’ll know exactly who that’s directed at. And it will get back to them. 

If their entire neighborhood has trouble getting anything done because a few thousand people are covering the streets leading to the politicians house, that will effect them more than writing to a guy who clearly doesn’t care.
> Don't fuck with their kids.

They're literally doing that to thousands of the most vulnerable people on the continent. Make them all uncomfortable.
Sometimes you need to fight fire with fire.
I will say...when it comes to TERRORISTS...Al Qeada..ISIS...

Kill them all. They don't get a day off. If they are with the family - who will grow up to be terrorists also like daddy - fuck em. Drop bombs on them. I don't care.

That's just my opinion. Kill them ALL. 

The ONE SINGLE THING that I will give Trump credit on, because Obama totally dropped the ball - was how we went after ISIS and cut their fucking head off.
Poster board signs won’t change a god damn thing. Protests and rallies raise awareness, direct action changes policy.
Well it's harassment for one.
Good fucking luck.  You know how much of sports Fox controls?  Especially in some markets.
Worked for Noriega. ;)
I saw on the news a bit ago people are already playing the audio outside the white house and protesting.  In response trump is having a lunch for victims of immigrant violence
Yes. Good idea.  Spread the word.
America is a business to them.  The sick and unfortunate are just lost revenue.
Will probably drive the neighbors to be closer with her if anything, they will hate the protesters nearly guaranteed
America started with a riot and destruction of property. Making fascists' lives Hell and disrupting the peace in the name of justice is in our blood.
Slap an American flag on that pole and fly it high good sir!
Yeah I'd start blasting it too. And put signs on my yard that say 'Shame! shame! Shame! Shame!'
The sound of America is crying children. Seems appropriate on a couple fronts.
I mean... it's still crying children, and unlike her, we have no reason to believe her neighbors don't have empathy.

I'm not saying this type of protest should stop, but I almost tear up every time it is played on the news, I certainly would never be happy to hear it.
Well, yeah. Where else are you going to hang your doughnut?
Only if you’re a nazi too
If your corrupt president is ever actually brought to justice you could send out cards to his supporters with "no puppet" on repeat.
Long term plan my final act will be to have my body cremated and shipped to a list of people I find to be the absolute worst. Spread the ashes.
Must be an overnight thing, everyone has sheets!
Get out there and help people get registered!  Call your local Democratic headquarters.  They can tell you how to get involved.
We also need more people to vote for. It’s hard to get excited about voting when all the top candidates have paid their way in on dirty money.
remember that trump was elected by 26% of the electorate.
The problem are the Rs that don't agree with this and so they shut down and disconnect and pretend it is all not really that big of a deal.

I don't know how to reach them.
Educated white people are switching away from the Republican party at higher rates than ever before. It's one of the few reliable predictors of how a person may vote than most others at this point.
I got a long time friend of mine who's never voted to register. He specifically registered Republican so he could vote against Trump in a primary too.
The suburban soccer mom crowd can be swayed.  This is exactly the kind of thing that would do it.
Trump's base also needs to be demoralized. We need to keep reminding them what pieces of shit they are so that some of them stay home like they did in every election up to 2016.
>It's educated white people we need to reach.

Then reach them with logical, balanced, informed views, instead of making yourselves look like uninformed kids who want to reduce everything to "but nazis tho" and ignore any rational explanation for why something might happen.

This whole situation is starting to border on "Hillary's Emails" levels of secondhand embarrassment.
Educated white person who voted for Trump here. Nothing reaches me better than calling me a nazi!
Can confirm can't wait to vote R. Democrats are incapable of leading this country.

Edit: seems I ruined a bunch of star bucks baristas day. It's okay one day you will get that coffee promotion.
The problem is, gradually the "others" goal posts begin to move and a large portion of those 40 million would end up in the machine of their own making.

And I'm sure we'd hear them cry "But why me?!!!!"
Growing up, I often wondered how the Nazis were able to convince their people to go down that road. Then I grew up to see it happening. 

Republicans like to mock those who are warning about ending up like Nazis, but surely most Germans in the early 30s couldn't foresee where the Nazis would eventually end up. They probably said the same things, accusing people of paranoia, mocking their empathy, defending brutal treatment of certain groups, shifting blame to manufactured scapegoats, parroting propaganda, excusing and minimizing atrocities, etc. Then 10-15 years later they found their country pounded into rubble, and feeling the searing shame of the entire world.

But they didn't see it coming, while we have the lessons of the past to study. We are seeing one more reason that the GOP devalues education. It is harder to fight against people who understand what you are trying to accomplish. 

We have to fight against this with every weapon at hand - protests, social media, demands that the press take a hard stand, etc. The most important thing is to discuss the issue with those who are not paying close attention. There are things they care about, so tap into that and show them how this administration is taking it away from them. It might be this issue, it might be environmental, it might be corruption, it might be the internet, etc. Find their hot button and push it over and over until they can't wait to vote in November.
Well, if their yardstick to measure greatness is the amount of pain generated, then Trump is certainly making America "great."
That's what they tell themselves and maybe there is some truth to it, but you cannot stay silent let the Nazis have their way. That is morally wrong.
That isn't how it works.

During the primaries, some research groups showed videos of different Republican candidates and asked self-described Republicans how likely voters were to vote for each one.

Trump was not the candidate that got the most support, Jeb! or Rubio was, I think. Trump got like 30 percent, the leader was like 45 or something, so people figured that 30 percent was the most support Trump would get. Thing is, nearly every single person that picked Trump said they'd definitely vote for him. The leading candidates had a lot of, probably and most likely, but Trump supporters were all gung ho about him. That 30 percent wasn't a ceiling, it was a floor.

Trump and friends just need to convince a few people that he's the right guy, because there are a ton of folks who will follow him straight to hell.
Only about half of that 70% actually votes. That's why a charismatic Democrat wins every time, but a less charismatic Democrat is always on ice. 

The Republicans are able to be the way they are for the past 40 years because although they only appeal to about 30-35% of the population, that 30% always votes. Democratic ideals, in most cases, enjoy more public support, but 40% of the registered voters in the public don't vote. And maybe someone can dispute specifics in numbers, but I'm willing to say more than a majority of that 40% leans left.
It really does seem that 1/3 of humanity lacks any sense of empathy.  And like the dude at the Nuremberg trials said, evil is a lack of empathy.  

These same people are authoritarians, looking for someone to tell them what to feel and what to do.  They can be pandered to, and easily controlled. They are ripe for the picking by trump/Hitler/Stalin/Mussolini types.
The literal anti-christ could run with an (R) next to his name and they would vote him in, even if he told them who he was.
I grew up in Flint. I haven't forgot. Flint, Mi still doesn't have clean water.
watching trump on TV is a good way to end up breaking your TV.
hello I am candidate my platform has two planks

abolish ICE.   
abolish robo-calls.
Everyone fucking gets it. It is a legitimate affront to human rights that is going on with these children. So instead of reading news stories about it as if you need to be told how to feel about the situation, how about we set aside emotions and actually engage in political discourse on how to *FIX THE PROBLEM*.
Yea man I fucking hate it when people look at issues from both sides. That’s so toxic.
This is exactly what I am saying and a large portion of media channels are playing right into the palms of their hands. I don’t really care to get grief or downvotes, I am fully aware that Reddit encourages group think but if even one person stops reacting emotionally to a stupid clickbait news article and actually goes to the source and researches the issue then I did at least a little good.
Thank you for writing all this out. The Holocaust didn’t happen over night. It was a journey of many small increasingly outlandish steps, distraction tactics, and media manipulation.
Thats the point. The similarities are horrifying. It took over a decade for the final solution to come around.
Most definitely not
His ass?
They do, its [a daily caller article](http://dailycaller.com/2018/06/19/survived-nazi-concentration-camps-message/) that has been makes the rounds. Holocaust survivor says his experience is not comparable to what is happening to these families. But he does say separating families are wrong. 

I understand his argument. He was sent to a death camp in 1940 and he doesn't want history to be rewritten to make it seem less horrible than it was for him. And when you hear 40% of Americans don't know what Auschwitz is, I guess it can make someone, like this survivor, sensitive to any discussion of it. At the same time, I think he is being cruelly dismissive of these camps, they are not country clubs and they can lead to worse camps, like the one he barely survived.
Source: his ass
It’s a 1 day old TD account.
You know he is
He's lying, there have actually been several articles with interviews of survivors drawing parallels between their experience and the ones faced by migrants now. 

http://thehill.com/latino/393226-holocaust-survivor-border-separations-are-just-as-evil-as-what-happened-to-me
I dont really care, do u?
So you're okay with people going to your home and harassing you? 


I'm fine with people protesting but there is a line that you can cross that actually hurts your cause.
The irony being that terrorist in any form tend to almost always be uber conservatives.
Yeah, except for all the conservative shooters/bombers across the world. Don't see too many liberals shooting up schools.
And yet they choose measured restraint over all out action.
Send him back to the dark, barren pit near center of the earth.
Find the kids some Ingraham approved summer camps, maybe.
Why not extra expired?
He even tricked the parents into bringing their kids into the US illegally so that he could kidnap them!

Do you realize how ridiculous you sound?
Here's what will happen. Kids will no be detained with adults. Kids and adults will be abused by other detainees. Blame Trump.
> It was unacceptable then too.

I'm not going to argue against that. Not sure I agree that this is "fake outrage," though. For me personally anyway, I think it's more that Trump's zero-tolerance policy pushed the issue into the spotlight because it crossed over a tipping point. Isn't that how pretty much everything in politics and media works? There's a bubbling undercurrent of "this isn't right" until something happens that lights the whole thing on fire.
Yeah, it's too bad that people chose this moment to get outraged by the suffering of children, like it doesn't happen every day in this country and abroad. Nope, got to wait until it you can use it for political gain. 

Hopefully all of this internet bravado turns into real action, but...
This sub needs to be relegated like TD was.
> Obama put people in cages also.

That isn't what this is about.
IF OBAMA DID IT THEN YOU'RE BANNED FROM BEING OUTRAGED ABOUT IT /s
I really don't care, do u?
> fuck off. you don't give a damn about these children

I don't know how to tell you that some people actually care about other people.
You haven't really given any solutions either besides "why should we help them?" No one is saying that we 100% have to let every person in that is asking for asylum. We are asking that they be treated as a damn human being. Them illegally crossing the border was a misdemeanor which got changed so that the government could jail the parents and take away the kids. Trump bragged about how you have to take away the kids to send a message. That isn't a solution, that's inhumane. Keep the families together until the government can vet them or deport them back. We don't need to separate them to figure out a solution.
> We shouldn't be giving asylum like it's candy.

We aren't.
Yeah, we should only throw candy at other world leaders that have been our country's allies for over 60 years.
We cared but we could trust that he would handle the situation like an adult and not attempt to be evil like trump. Obama is an adult who is well adjusted and did not need to try to "appear tough".
Because it would take actual time AND energy to read between the lines, i.e. what Fox News is telling you, since that's the only "real" news anymore.  Squawking/repeating Fox New's agenda is much easier than reading articles, disseminating fact from fiction and forming a well justified viewpoint off said facts, that all takes commitment and caring.  Where as on the other hand, why not just take what Fox says as fact and make that your own agenda? It's quick, easy, simple and "accurate" (Hotpocket vs. home-made pizza).
> You added ~~a statement~~ logic

FTFY again
[Immigrant children tied down, hooded, beaten, stripped and drugged](https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2018/06/22/immi-j22.html)
Children are taken from their families and put into facilities where they are in locked cages and wear barcodes.

Are you fucking kidding me?
>Go help the fucking kids

This woman is directly in charge of the kids. I don't understand how this isn't helping the kids. She is one of the handful of people that can change the process, legally.

These are locked government facilities, how can I legally get in, legally take a child, and legally transport that child to their family?
> Go help the fucking kids. You’re just as much of a monster here.

Oh so you are suggesting we break into detention centers and fix a problem trump created. LMAO.
This administration started this problem. They're the ones that made things worse than they were. Also, why are you telling me to fix this problem. By your argument if you're just going to sit on reddit and tell people to do research instead of doing it yourself then you're just as complicit.
>Blah blah blah screaming whataboutism at every opportunity is getting almost as old as screaming racism at every opportunity.

Don't like it? Keep your racism and whataboutism to yourself. Stick to the topic at hand or start your own thread.
Gotta remember tho that nearly 45% of statistics used in internet conversations are made up on the spot. That's a science fact
I agree there are tons of interesting stats but the most recent data is from 2016. It does not relate to Trumps recent policy change.
Maybe I missed it but I didn't see anything about his numbers in the actual security report on the link.  Side note: 1.59 MILLION pounds of marijuana?  Holy fucking shit I know legalizing it won't stop all of the illegal trade, but I have to imagine it would cut that amount down by quite a bit.  It completely dwarfs all of the other drugs moved over together.
Important to note that data shows the median age of the 5000 unaccompanied minors to have crossed in 2011 to be 17 years old and in 2014 to be 16 years old in a report published by Congressional Research Service.
Point is, he's talking about old news. Not the recent actions of the administration that required the rushed building of tent cities.
You're posting the closest to a Breitbart source without being Breitbart as your follow-up and claiming they need to get out of the liberal bubble? Come on, you can't be serious.
Theres a typo in the first sentence of that "article", and again you're taking one persons word who cites no data and lied multiple times in one briefing.
We did hear of it.  Kirstjen Nielsen told us about it.  


Why does that make it OK that Trump/Sessions ordered a no tolerance policy that required over 3200 kids to be separated from their parents and put in cages?

Oh and, "bigleaguepolitics"? There's a ~~bubble~~ \- I mean name, you can trust!
"HHS says"

Look, I'm not saying it's definitely a lie, but MSNBC are quoting a government figure. The same government that says 3 million people voted illegally with no evidence whatsoever. The same government that said there were no contacts between the campaign and Russia. The same government that says an executive order could never fix this mess and then signs an executive order to ostensibly fix this mess. And the same folks who never reported the payments to Cohen. They lie. How many times did slimeball Kushner redo his security form?

Let journalists and Congress people into the camps so we can know what's going on and then we can talk. Just because a supposedly "left" site quotes a government figure doesn't make it true to left ears, even though figures quoted by right leaning sites will be seen as true by right folks.
Your article only mentions at the end about 12000 kids came over the border without a parent or guardian. It doesn't say why or what the circumstances are. How many parents were killed in the home country? How many kids left because of abuse? Neglect? Threatened with death from a gang, or drug dealers?
I think my point stands.  The America we know today was built by immigrants and for immigrants.  If that includes Native Americans then so be it.
You must be suffering from some of that economic anxiety I hear's going around.
First, you did not provide a source for your claim about how children cross the border, so I'm going to assume it's bullshit.

Second, as far as your children are concerned, which country seems safer to you - a country that treats refugees humanely or a country that puts them in [concentration camps](https://qz.com/1308141/are-us-immigrant-child-detention-centers-concentration-camps/)?

Third, who gives a fuck if there are more Latino people here?  That's just fucking racist.

Fourth, you seem to be suggesting that an increase in Latino people will automatically increase violence the way the cartels do in some Latin countries.  These people are *fleeing* the violence.  And studies have found that [places with larger immigrant populations have much less crime than those with smaller immigrant populations](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.cc4edbef5190). This is because immigrants commit fewer crimes than natural born citizens.

Your children's future is brighter in a country with a more open, humane immigration policy.
PFFT—excuse me?? Wow, you’re not even trying to hide your racism, dude. Just come out and say it: “I’m scared of people if their skin isn’t pasty white and they speak in tongues aka non-American.” Tacos? Seriously? Get a fucking grip. Racism at its finest.

No, it is people like *you* we have to protect our kids from. You are clearly unafraid to justify throwing anyone in cages. Furthermore, evidence is coming out that these kids are being sexually and physically assaulted and heavily drugged. That is wrong. Would you do that to a jailed criminal, let alone a fucking *child?* Because that’s what we’re doing. And it’s not the kids’ fault. And if you wanna blame the parents, okay, but guess who’s still doing it?

AMERICA. 

But I’m not sure why I’m wasting my time, you seem like you’ve been brainwashed into oblivion anyway.
Wow, you guys are really getting really good at masking your racism.

Translation:

"Brown people and Spanish scare me.  I am afraid our future will not be as white as it was when I grew up and I will no longer be superior for simply being white.  Brown people bad, white good."
>  I have to fight for my children's future. It's my obligation.

If you have children, hell if you can get a woman to talk to you without puking up her cheerio's, I'll eat my hat.

Edit: The Quote
Projection is a hell of a drug.
So Trump's a leftist then? Well, he *did* support the DNC and Clinton Foundation for decades...that *does* make sense...
Fuck Nazis all day everyday. Harrassment should the nicest thing that happens to them. You don't get to be intolerant pieces of shit and then demand to be treated fairly. Not now, not ever.
At a **minimum** these people who are 100% legally seeking asylum should not be separated from their families and should **not** be _imprisoned_.     Given that the kids _are already being imprisoned_, just without their parents, at least if they're with their parents it'd be better.
How about we don't imprison people for a misdemeanor crime?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2018/06/19/the-facts-about-trumps-policy-of-separating-families-at-the-border/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.08936892a231

If you'd like to familiarize yourself with the facts of the existing policy and how we got here, the above article will help. If you still have questions and want to engage in discourse, I'm happy to oblige.

Some more helpful information:

The EO that Trump issues, rolling back Obama's policy of prioritizing deportation of dangerous immigrants: https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-border-security-immigration-enforcement-improvements/

The Justice Department press release when Jeff Sessions changed policy to "zero tolerance," so that the government now aggressively prosecutes misdemeanors: https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1049751/download

>(Flores settlement) now trump is some kind of nazis for enforcing the law. 

The Flores settlement's 2016 revision: https://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions/2016/07/06/15-56434.pdf
The children should be kept with their parents while their immigration status is sorted out.  Then they can all be deported together or allowed into the country together.


> The government was sued for keeping illegal immigrant children in detention centers and the courts agreed.

I don't see how "put the kids in a separate detention center from their parents" is a solution to that.

> trump is some kind of nazis for enforcing the law. 

Yes.  The president has room within the law to decide how it is enforced.  Instead of working to keep families together in humane conditions Trump chose to expand the inhumane policy, separating all children from their families.

> If you hate the laws then blame congress.

Though I agree that congress is to blame for the law itself it was Trump who created the zero tolerance policy that has pushed the issue further into the public view.

> They are the people not doing their jobs.

Again, the zero tolerance policy was created by Trump... he can choose to stop it any time.  He can also, within the laws passed by congress, work to treat immigrant children better instead of worse.

Congress needs to buckle down and shape the laws in ways that Trump can't use to abuse children... but that doesn't excuse Trumps active choice to implement the law in a way that increases the abuse of children.
The issue is that being poor and destitute in a country like Mexico is even more of a hopeless situation than in the United States. In a general sense, when you're down on your luck here there are support structures in place to theoretically help you. Mexico suffers from wealth inequality just like we do, only to a larger and more unforgiving extent. That doesn't make it a shit country. 

For at least 100 years we've sold the image of gold paved roads and infinite possibilities to the world, so I can't blame people for looking for one last shot for themselves and their families.

I was arguing about the need for fostering as an avenue for help rather than fostering itself. If 100% of the kids are fostered that hardly makes it better. It just makes abuse impossible to document and accountability impossible to uphold. There is zero logical reason to separate 100% of families unless your logic is how best to "teach them lesson", and I guarantee there would be less debate if it was Canadian families this were happening to. Obama's policy was the same as that in the order Trump signed, allowing separation in the case where a child's safety was deemed at risk. Likely abused? Yes, but completely different in connotation and application.

>The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing."

Cliche quote, but that is the reason everyone should harass these people "just following the law" and "just doing my job". Those excuses didn't fly 80 years ago and they shouldn't now. 

We can put an immediate stop to the inhumane treatment, but our government does not want to. The next course of action is to get the employees to show some empathy, starting at the top. Looks like it will take a while to find a body with a soul, but c'est le vie.
Its as if disturbing the peace is a small price to pay for literally locking up children in literal concentration camps.
Be best
Yaaaa you told us you'd say that...
That is the problem with project mayhem though, once you lose your balls your are just free to talk about it?
I am Jack’s smirking revenge
I mean, what else are they going to do with a child while their parent is arrested and jailed?

This is not a situation unique to immigration law.  If you get arrested while a child is in your custody, the child will be taken by the government to some form of child care facility.
womp womp
Many are coming to legally apply for asylum. Sorry to burst your Fox-ism.
So you are for gun control too? We would have no deaths from guns if we just took the guns away. 

Your point is dismissive of the complex situation that is border control with our ALLIES. 

If a simple black and white answer satisfies you, so be it. I think you are the poorer for not understanding and having a firm grasp on public policy. Willfull ignorance is a hinderance
Lets start doing this for all crimes and misdemeanors.  Speeding ticket? Your kids get sent to a tent city in the middle of the Texas summer heat.  Jay walking?  Your kids get put in a cage and you have no guarantee that you will ever see them again.  Smoke some pot in the wrong state?  You get sent to Guantanamo bay and your kids are put in a kennel with known pedophiles.  This is a great path that we are on don't you think?
Another way to describe the crimes you're referring to is "misdemeanors".

How about we take away the children in you're family  for your misdemeanours? Move them around to different prisons, and give you no indication where they are, and no way to get them back.

Your point is ridiculous.
Commiting a crime is not nessecarily immoral
Your county has a law requiring people to pick dog shit off their own property?
I have a child and it tears me apart when I hear a baby/child in distress. It straight up triggers a primal response and all I want to do is hold them and make it all better. I made myself listen to the audio of these kids at the border and I couldn’t stomach more than a minute. Panicky is the perfect way to describe it. It may be human decency/nature to respond this way though, rather than JUST maternal instinct. However, I think us gals probably get hit a bit harder due to our hormones and whatnot.
Syria is very far away. This is right here. People are effected by it.
People yell at people speaking Spanish, the fact that the kids are speaking Spanish will just enrage racists, and annoy people who dont want to be forced to care. Unfortunately, in Anthony Bourdains Rome episode of Parts Unknown, I was shocked to hear his girlfriend says all she cares about is her kids, neighbors and her building. She says "that's enough and he even seems to agree with her...
 
 It was a message that caused me to stop watching the show.
'Actually, the people who actively avoid becoming informed are still uninformed.'

Thank you for your Very Good Post.
They are awesome and they do treat employees VERY well. Just because of the fact they sell in bulk, they sell mostly American products, have locations in rural/suburban areas, and don't carry as local/fresh produce/meats as places like local markets, health-food stores, etc. where Liberals shop more.

TBH the costco location for this was probably just the fact that it is a huge single room with multiple bluetooth speakers, so it was a good target for playing audio as a protest.
Still needs to be dropped by T-Mobile.
I'm sure he'll go into the "Wingnut Welfare" program. Via Rational Wiki.

" Wingnut welfare typically flows from [conservative](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Conservative) publishing houses, opinion journals, and websites. Such operations are heavily subsidized by wealthy benefactors such as the [Koch brothers](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Koch_Industries), [William Regnery Jr.](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Regnery_Publishing) and [Richard Mellon Scaife](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Richard_Mellon_Scaife), as well as organizations such as the John M. Olin Foundation. However, not all such publications are considered wingnut welfare. The term is limited to deals that are divorced from [free-market](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Free-market) business principles. Put simply, wingnut welfare recipients are not expected to generate profit or even make any money at all, but rather, to act as "loss leaders" in the promotion of right-wing ideas to the masses. The wingnut circuit isn't that different from the old ([or current](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/RT)) Soviet propaganda apparatus."
The Alt Right has adopted the Womp Womp as their own, so now Donald Trumps brutal campaign manager has been permanently tied to the Alt Right/ Neo Nazis/ White Supremacists. Nicely done, you are now officially adopted by the Nazis. Why don't you try to apply for a job now?
Hopefully Harvard will drop him as a fellow, too. They've been getting a lot of heat for that.
> He’ll probably get hired by someone else,

£50 to the ACLU that Fox News will hire him.
>  probably get hired by someone else

Fox News
Do you remember the movie The Game with Michael douglas?, On Nicholas's 48th birthday, Conrad presents him with an unusual gift, a game offered by a company called Consumer Recreation Services, promising that it will change Nicholas' life. (The idea of Consumer Recreation Services seems to be borrowed directly from the G.K. Chesterton story "The Tremendous Adventures of Major Brown"). The nature of the game is unclear at first, but it appears to be a sort of live action role-playing game that integrates directly into the player's real life. After a full day of tests and a physical examination, Nicholas is informed that the game company cannot serve him. However, Nicholas soon discovers that this is false and the game has begun. The game focuses on a key moment of Nicholas' life when, as a child, he witnessed his father committing suicide by leaping off their family home, the same home Nicholas lives in. Significantly, Nicholas' father took his life on his 48th birthday, the same age as Nicholas is now.

As the movie progresses, evidence mounts that the game is actually an elaborate scheme, but each time Nicholas thinks he has uncovered the truth, he finds that a new layer of complexity has been revealed and that his previous assumptions were false. The Game quickly escalates into a no-holds-barred assault on everything Nicholas values, and his carefully ordered life and business empire rapidly disintegrate around him as The Game takes control. An employee of an upscale restaurant (Unger) at first assists him in escaping from the clutches of the CRS operatives, but after a series of narrow escapes and repeated attempts on his life, Nicholas is captured, transported to Mexico and subjected to a premature burial (albeit one he easily escapes from), all while having his bank accounts drained by the employee who was pretending to help him. The Game is now revealed to be an elaborate scam to relieve the power elite of their property and their lives.
The Trump Administration was looking to rehire FWIW.
Two words to end it all for Corey

Womp Womp
That’s where these assholes make their money. Getting paid to be a talking head.  So it’s hitting him where it hurts in the wallet and in the attention supply.
It was making him a bunch of money
The way I understood it, he brokered a deal between T-Mobile and a lobbying company, and he doesn't work directly for them on whatever they are lobbying for. Hes already out of the picture, although I understand he collects ongoing payments as T-Mobile continues their relationship with the company.

T-Mobile presumably has a contract with the company, and may not be able to pull out of it based on the guy who brokered the deal.
yeah and CNN paid him to go on so yeah he's still doing a-okay
Fucking cnn why would they put him back on the air after that bullshit
Enablers. They probably even worse in my book. While pussy grabber in chief is out there distracting the public and media screaming tweeting whining and kicking many of these GOP dickheads are the real evil ones trying to undermine democracy, pad their wallets and for their friends. It's the longest con in political history.
The reason other countries stopped looking to the US Constitution as a model is because it gives the President too much power. They had a habit of collapsing into dictatorships.
Isn't it the Judicial Branch supposed to be the check on the Executive Branch as well?
The communists want the fascists out.  Nice...
"Why worry about neonazis when you can drink sweet liberal tears every night?"
Time to start. I’ll be blasting it non stop now when I drive around.
Was it anti-camps people trying to be subversive or pro-camps (pro-Trump) people masturbating to it?
But most amps go up to 10, does that mean it's louder?
"When they go low, we go high. 
Fuck the ridiculous excessive bass fad, treble melts faces!"
And break the knob off!
Ah, so that's what Michelle Obama meant by go high.
Thank you, I've been saying that ever since she said it. "Going high" plays right into the GOP strategy of playing dirty. If someone is allowed to cheat while everyone else plays fair, the cheater will ALWAYS win. It is time for the left to fight fire with fire, and since the moral high ground is on their side, they don't even have to cheat or play dirty, they just need to call out the right on their crimes every time. Full court offensive press all time. No mercy for Nazi wannabes. None.
Reminds me of a line from the movie "Sleepers".  Mob boss guy says to the protagonist he doesn't want getting involved in some sweet revenge, "We're in the dirty end of the field now. That's where I play. And I like to play alone."
We can still go high and be in their face.  It doesn't mean that we should turn the other cheek or try and be polite in our debate.  It means we don't sink to their level of lying, cheating, stealing and gaslighting.  You can still call them a racist asshole, so long as it's true.
Agree, 100%!! About to go all in with the anarchy.
It is peace time. You guys are getting nothing done. Be better.
This 1000% i never agreed with the go high thing sorry Michelle,  taking the high road is what got us trump as president. When Mitch McConnell told Obama to keep quite about Russia's meddling or he would scream foul... that was the wrong call.
Completely correct this whole going high all the time approach left you guys off guard to the radical new approach that the populist right are taking
> "When they go low, we go high"

Same month Michelle Obama said that, Joe Biden said Republicans want to put black people back in chains
Slinging mud helps nobody. Sling facts instead. They’re stickyer.
"Cry 'Havoc!', and let slip the dogs of war".
Some of us are going straight through with them, but we’ll be getting off when they should just be getting comfy.  


We’ll make sure to crank the bass so they can’t sleep when their dead.
[Well put.](https://i.imgur.com/VAaBpei.gif?noredirect)
don't be a bore
Precisely. As opposed to changing minds, the goal with "good" reps should be to have them understand that their constituents back them up, care about doing the right thing, and are willing to engage.
Yes, good idea.
>Thanks for that. I just sent a letter to my Senator Bill Nelson, thanking him for the first time. I'm usually just writing ahead of an issue to voice my stance. Hope this makes an impact and he stands up louder and fights harder.
I sent them a handwritten letter.  Got back one of their full page, “The truth is...” ads that resides on my office door.  Should have framed it.
I suppose we should forget about the thousands of kids that are still sitting in detainment who haven’t been returned to their families.

Sweep all of this under the rug and pretend the president didn’t build concentration camps for kids on US soil.

There is reason for outrage. Get loud. Wake up.
Not going to last, between Flores and the utterly weak language it won’t last and doesn’t do much.  


We already discovered near 300 kids in NYC that were being held without our Mayor or Governor being informed.  These fucks are disappearing the kids around the country just so they can clear the border camps.
More like she needs the life essence of immigrant kids:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4voZl28ADM
Most people seek companionship and the fact that she doesn’t have that is odd.
I consider myself a leftist and I'm 32. The concept of basic human rights should be pretty non-partisan though.
Well they're doing a great job at pretending.
Yes, that would be the current administration, once again. Very obviously so. To deny that very real fact is to be a fascist apologist troll, and nothing more. I suppose you're going to tell us next that "antifa are the REAL fascists!" What a crock.
ALL OF THEM.

We can handle immigration court, deportations, and the asylum process without separating families and throwing children in cages with port-a-Potties and space blankets on the concrete floor.

We should be returning all of those kidnapped children. This is America, not Germany 1943. If you can’t get behind that, maybe you should do some deep self reflection.
I couldn't even imagine what "tactical sandals" would even look like.
Don't forget the tactical purple leopard print thong....
I think you're underestimating the type of person Pruitt might be. There are a group of guys like him that think Oh overpriced "tactical" gear is cool! It is like the army! I'm like the army wearing this! They go to great lengths to talk about how badass their tactical attire is.. or their pen that can become a weapon, etc .
Thanks, I think I've heard of that one, I should give it a read.
You don’t defeat a monster by becoming one yourself. Never stoop to their level.
Yeah, if we attack their kids it just makes us look as bad as they are.
No it isn't.

Nobody is saying to attack their kids. But showing their kids that their parents are scumbags is a good tactic. When their kids ask them about what people are saying about them, when they grow older and lose all respect for them? That will destroy them the way they deserve.
The opposite of Ironic.

People who are upset about others fucking kids should not fuck kids in response.

That would be like punishing pedophiles by fucking their kids. They are already punished enough by having shitty parents.
Schools are off limits.

Kids can protest, but protesting at a school, specifically because of who someones parent is, is fucking with the kids.

Don't fuck with the kids.
Don't fuck with the kids.
And sometimes you need to hold true to the policy of not fucking with innocent children.
Trump doesn't deserve the credit, ISIS were well into retreat by the time he was sworn in. This is turning into a pernicious lie. Mosul was one of the last ISIS strongholds, the military plan to retake it *started in October 2016*. 

Many countries contributed to the destruction of the rogue state.
This is some grade school logic right here. Do you think there's a bomb that will wipe out everyone that terrorist and his family is related to, in every country in the world, simultaneously? Because if not...

How would you feel if you heard that your entire family was wiped out because they couldn't be arsed to pick the one guy they wanted? 

If it was me, I'd do everything in my power to make the perpetrators suffer. I'd fuck them the same way they said 'fuck em' to my family and wouldn't stop until I was dead. All you do with this rhetoric is guarantee extremism. It doesn't work.
That just creates more terrorists.
...and yet, Trump *is* a terrorist.  Threatening families is something only an impotent, weak, pathetic, cowardly terrorist would do (you know, a piss-stain of a human being).  You've just sentenced your president and technically his whole family too.
how do you know they will grow up to be terrorists?
Oh come on...

If your wife of 20 years commits murder someday, the govt should kill you b/c how couldn’t you be contaminated as well if you lived with a killer for decades.

Right?

And your kids too!

Did you get this idea from our friend Kim in the Democratic People’s Republic? They love to wipe out / intern whole families for the sins of one member. 

Look man, I love America and hate terrorists too, but can we be more logical in our hatred?
Protesting is harassment.
Seems apt given that her department is terrorizing families and children.
Aw shucks. Maybe they shouldnt be working against the public.
Being well-behaved is not going to win the day with these people. 

They are incredibly self-centered.

You have to make it easier for them to do the right thing than to do the wrong thing
so.. the whole point of protesting?

as long as there is no actual violence, everything is fine in my eyes.
*Peaceful protesting

Fixed you’re spelling error for you
And that attitude is why we lose.
What is it with this backwards logic I always see when talking about protests? If a protest drives you closer to a baby-snatching fascist, you probably weren't all that opposed to begin with.
I don't think people will associate with her just because they are negatively affected by the consequences of her own behavior and decisions.

Especially not when it comes to monumental issues like this is. Personally I would join the protesters and give them beverage and food.
It'll be easy as fuck too since they're offended at everything not them related.
\*salutes with coffee*
No, the sounds of children crying are horrible. 

That said, witnessing American citizens stand up for the simple values that we are supposed to uphold in the face of power is a spectacle to behold. 

Seeing a justified shaming in a time of whataboutism, false narratives (lies), and inaction is (to me) the definition of patriotism. 

- - -

E: a word
I can't handle it.

Drove to work in silence this morning because NPR warned they were going to play it again and it triggers some violent parent reflex in me. Makes me feel like an angry momma tiger who had her babies taken away. Like I need to destroy anything in my path to get to those terrified children. Its agony, those poor babies.
We just need to get [this heckler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q4fvhb-DnU) to do the audio.
This will inevitably get you arrested by some hilariously totalitarian law in republican states, or get caught up in some strange pervsion of a normal law with the republican gestapo.
We need those that have chosen to register as a democrat or a republican to get involved in the primary process.  We need people from all walks of life. 



In this years democratic primary in my district I have had the pleasure of going to many meet and greats and other events. The people I encountered there were often business owners , administrators of local hospitals , economic development board members and others from the upper middle class or the rich . Buy in large they were not bad people but the average working man and the poor were ,by their own choice, underrepresented. We need more people from all walks of life to participate in choosing their candidates and not letting the candidate be chosen fro them. How we do this I have no idea.
I think that many don't want to be reached. My dad is one of them. He does the whatabout this, well we have to listen to all sides, I  heard this [lie], and on and on.
 
And when we actually get to a point where there is a semblance of a bottom line instead he just ends up shutting down.
Should you? Why reach towards stupidity. 
I admire your resolve but I don’t agree with it. 

 Voting for a dictator, who made it possible to legitimately use a nazi Germany comparison on America, that doesn’t show a complete lapse in judgement or a complete disregard for the social contract. I say they should lose their right to vote and prove they deserve it to a human decency parole board. It’s done to black and brown people all the time.
No one will run against Trump in the primary.
It's definitely a litmus test for me. If you support Trump, I already know that you're not very bright. You are probably pretty poor at any task that requires research and reason.
Just like Texas wives were secretly not going to vote for Trump? It's all about slapping millennials awake.
Shame people from voting. That sounds very fascist of you.
As an educated American can you compare red states and blue states on public education, healthcare and quality of life? Or are you too offended that people call out wannabe fascism when they see it?
There's no reaching scumbags like you. If you're not a decent person by now, there is no changing that. The goal should not be to sway Trump supporters, it should be to crush them.
This comment blows my mind. After all that’s happened, I can’t even.
That's why you're trying to get car factories back and we're building cities.
Is this the new argument? That Trump is a Democrat?
GO back to jerking off over fat chicks.
"When we voted for the 'Leopards Eat Faces' party, we thought they were only going to eat those other people's faces. Not ours!"
Yep Catholic Trump voters should realize this.
The House passed the Farm Bill with work requirements so I"m looking forward to Trump voters being shocked their benefits are getting cut.
Make Asshole Govern America. 

The real meaning here. Because only assholes support this trash president. Stupid assholes at that.
How much pain he can cause for the "undeserving" other.
Need to be careful with things like this opening up the Dems for attack. 

[From Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2018/may/01/michelle-wolf/michelle-wolf-right-flint-still-doesnt-have-clean-/) on the phrase "Flint still doesn't have clean water":

>In reality, testing in recent months has repeatedly shown that Flint’s water meets federal standards. At the same time, the city won’t be fully safe until its old pipes are all replaced, which is currently estimated to happen in 2020.

>Considerable hurdles remain for Flint, but Wolf’s statement glossed over the significant progress made in water quality since the worst of the crisis. We rate her statement Half True.
I'd run on taking down DHS an unnecessary and expensive department that we didn't need then, and we don't need now.
>, how about we set aside emotions and actually engage in political discourse on how to *FIX THE PROBLEM*. 

It's simple. Stop treating these immigrants like hardened criminals, tearing families apart and locking up kids in concentration camps.

Also, I love how you failed to address the rebuttal to your comment and started deflecting. Definitely no bad faith motives there /s
At this point it is. There is nothing of value coming from the administration's side. You are now complicit.
When it comes to ripping families apart and tearing children from the arms of their parents, one side is clearly right, and one side is clearly wrong.  There is no "both sides" argument here, there's only:  "do you oppose fascism, or do you support it?"
I took it from someone that wrote about the holocaust, and simply localized and reframed it to 2018 United States.

The poster I replied to, is more than likely an apologist.  I saw this first thing when the news of the concentration camps came out.

It's that obvious.
Before any of that, the Nazi party came to power through political violence and shutting down speeches of the opposition.  Many of them saw jail time on the way to power.  That was a whole other ballgame.

The best comparison to that behaviour nowadays is Antifa, not the current democratically elected government.
How? They literally teach you what the Holocaust was in school.
Some holocaust survivors say we shouldn't make the comparison. Others say we should. So I guess we're back to square one? Which I suppose would be heeding our own individual moral compass.
Must be a fun life in make believe land Hboss45!   Go make up some more shit to justify trump.
It's a sock puppet for tstony20.

He was trolling in a thread yesterday and isn't even smart enough to keep his accounts separate.  Kept responding from the wrong accounts and all that.
"never again" arouse from the Holocaust for a reason.
Lock her up! Lock her up!
What have I done that I need to be held accountable for like that? And even if it's harassment, it's not terrorism, that's outrageous. 

Also, is the line that you're drawing "doing things that might actually cause the other party to acquiesce" ???? Because usually that's what people mean when they say things like that; that it's fine to protest but if we can't just ignore the protest like nothing's happening it's over the line. I don't think that's a reasonable position.
There are no more lines to cross in this country. We're fighting. Our side just started to realize it, finally.
For the most part these days, yes. The hillbillies shooting up Sikh temples because they hate Muslims, or the folks who tried to blow up the Somali migrant building, and even groups like AQ and ISIS are conservative. However the left has had it's fair share of terrorism as well. The weather underground for example.
Mexicans don't keep that shit - only cochinos keep expired food
too obvious
Actually, that is exactly what he did. Trump administration has been purposefully throttling down resources to the ports of entry on the southern border to purposefully make it impossible to come across legally. The whole plan was designed so asylum seekers would be forced to commit A MISDEMEANOR (you know what the fine was up until 5 weeks ago: time served and a $10 fine) . Their children were then stripped from them, without due process, no plan on how to reunite them and now 1,800 children from 8 months and order are forever lost to their parents. 

I'm trying to imagine what kind of sub human being could defend this policy. Shame on you
Exactly, they don't care about the kids, they are just a tool to hate on the current president. They won't do anything about it either. I care and did something about it in 2014, and I'm happy Trump is doing something about it now.
That you arent taken seriously? Not really
So you don't really care about results but more whether you like the politician?
>FTFY again

Both statements are logical and not mutually exclusive. You merely added another statement. You're welcome.
>[Immigrant children tied down, hooded, beaten, stripped and drugged](https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2018/06/22/immi-j22.html)

>"It was Terry McAuliffe, the longtime crony of Hillary Clinton, who presided over the torture of immigrant teenagers at Shenandoah from 2014 to 2017."

Seems like we should be mad at both the people who started it, allowed it and continued it.
Yes, it's a crap situation but its intellectually dishonest to call them concentration camps... Do you have a source for the barcodes?  [Here is some information on one of the larger facilities.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/surge-children-separated-border-floods-facility-undocumented-immigrants-n883001)..no bars  [Also a good fact check source for more info.] (https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/qa-on-border-detention-of-children/) What is your solution for this?  [We could just leave them to traffickers like in the past...](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/did-obama-administration-children-human-traffickers/)
you numbers sound off to me, I've hear it was nearly 87% percent. Backed by almost 90% of the all the studies on that matter.
I've got to say of all the terrible shit that's happened, I'm actually really glad that racists aren't hiding it any more.
I can't think about anything more natural than wishing to live your life with people like you, not with alien races and not wanting the country your ancestors built turn into a crime ridden dystopia.
Are you even aware of the meanings behind the words you wrote in that reply?
You seek asylum at a boarder crossing not in the desert.
>How about we don't imprison people for a misdemeanor crime?

Just write them a ticket and send them on their way?
>https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2018/06/19/the-facts-about-trumps-policy-of-separating-families-at-the-border/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.08936892a231

pay wall

>The Flores settlement's 2016 revision: https://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions/2016/07/06/15-56434.pdf

"Where the INS determines that the detention
of the minor is not required either to secure
his or her timely appearance before the INS
or the immigration court, or to ensure the 
8 FLORES V. LYNCH
minor’s safety or that of others,

 the INS shall
release a minor from its custody without
unnecessary delay, in the following order of
preference, to:

A. a parent;


B. a legal guardian;


C. an adult relative (brother, sister, aunt,
uncle, or grandparent);

D. an adult individual or entity
designated by the parent or legal
guardian . . .

E. a licensed program willing to accept
legal custody; or

F. an adult individual or entity seeking
custody . . ."

>The EO that Trump issues, rolling back Obama's policy of prioritizing deportation of dangerous immigrants: 

So not enforce the law?
>I don't see how "put the kids in a separate detention center from their parents" is a solution to that.

The kids have to go somewhere. Also, they are set into foster care and relatives if possible.

>Yes. The president has room within the law to decide how it is enforced.

>Trump who created the zero tolerance policy that has pushed the issue further into the public view. 

So you really do want trump to be a dictator and execute the law as he pleases as long as it works in your favor?
I would argue that they are better ways to create empathy than harassment and intimidation.  But even if you were successful then what?  She sees her folly and opens the gates?  Or does she quit?  Whats success look like here?  What tangible goal or you heading towards?  Lets say you tear down the whole corrupt system.  What goes in its place?  

Genuine acts of charity even on the smallest level have more impact than this on the children that need help.  Go to the walmarts, picket there.  Bring clothes, food, beds whatever.  Do something for the kids not in the name of them.  Organize create charities go to the other side of the border and fight the disease instead of the symptoms.  Inhumane treatment of refugees is impossible without refugees.

I understand these are only abstract ideas.  But they are ideas, and there are smarter people than me that can add to them and so on.  Honestly I think anything is more productive than whats happening right now outside of the homes of people who most likely believe they are doing whats right.
1. There are 9 US consulates and 1 US Embassy in Mexico, where non-US citizens can apply for asylum without any risk of separation from their children. These are well placed across the country. Instead a narrative is being propped up encouraging dangerous illegal border crossings where it is well known any girl/woman will be raped, children are being used by mules and coyotes, they risk death to exposure, and at a high dollar cost to families to get them to the border.

2. The arrests of the parents/"parents" is the enforcement of laws already on the books from 1997 and the children wouldn't be separated if not for the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruling from, I want to say 2016.

p.s. Even though you're technically using "concentration camp" correctly you're still using it to drum up images of the Holocaust which this isn't. -10pts to House Pretzel
I am Jack's medulla oblongata
>child care facility
The regressives will only consider your questions rhetorically.

The death of children is worth paying for less in their minds. Concentration camps for "undesirables" barely rates.
In this case it is. You are endangering your children if you have them cross the border with you.
Right, but people don't know that. And it would be 'affected' in this usage. 'Effect' is the noun, 'affect' is the verb.
If everyone really cared about their kids, neighbors and building - we would all be better off. Not everyone feels like they have to save the world, some are just fine making sure their corner of it is okay.
lmao this is complete fucking nonsense. Liberals don't shop in cheap wholesale stores and only eat healthy produce!
Costco carries USDA prime and has great produce. Where do you live that they don't have anything good? 

I live in an extremely liberal area and Costco is always packed. I really doubt it's some conservative gathering every time I'm there. 

Are you sure you aren't just drawing conclusions about Costco that are really more representative of your region's demographics?
I switched to Fi. Fuck T-Mobile. They're not even a good service anymore.
I'm out of the loop. What's the t-mobile connection?
Eliminating the Koch Fuckers' influence appears to be the solution to end the rot in the country.
Oh this is good. LIke when they fired Donahue, the highest rated talk shows, because he wouldn't shut up about Iraq.

The argument that the media just presents to us content that sells is bullshit.
> The Game is now revealed to be an elaborate scam to relieve the power elite of their property and their lives.

Not at the end, it's not.
Cool. Was that his day job though? I hope it was a major source of income for him.
Wasn't it like 5 or 6 figures per gig?
They are worse. It's like if a kid at a restaurant is walking on the tables shitting on peoples' food. Sure, the kid's a brat, but the real ones responsible are the parents.
The *Vichy GOP*

If that hasn't been coined yet, I'll take credit.  I'm going to use it every chance I get.

edit:  fuck.  https://www.politico.com/story/2016/03/the-day-the-republican-party-ruptured-220108

Anyways it's a good term, because it refers to craven cowardice for political expedience while also harkening to fascism.  It should get more play.
Yup. It relies way too heavily on Congress as a check. If they're colluding with the president, his powers are pretty much limitless - the courts are the only thing keeping him in check even a little bit.
I think we are by far the longest lasting presidential system that hasn't devolved into a dictatorship.

It's a random factoid I read a long time ago that's stuck with me.  I want to say the next longest is 80 years, which is just about how long it took between ratification and the civil war
Yes, but since they only interpret the law, their check takes longer and deals with one thing at a time. Congress can flat-out REMOVE the president.
We used to give medals for killing Nazis. I can’t get a medal for making folks cry.
Now my screaming kids are trendy!
These go to 11.
Well, it's one louder, innit?
Inb4 we hire Spinal Tap to protest.
Bass can be used as a weapon to make people panic. I forget the exact frequencies, but humans have an instinctual fear of extremely loud bass frequencies.
> Republicans want to put black people back in chains

Brown children in cages isn't close enough for you? Man, that is some fine parsing.
Looking at everything going on right now it’s hard to imagine his sentiment as incorrect.
"Why are you booing me? I'm ***right***"
Never even thought about it from that perspective. Will be calling today. I really wanna show up at the Harlem center I’m not sure why there isn’t a constant presence there now that we know they’re hiding kids in Harlem.
Not in New York. What kind of ad is that?
Concentration Camps?  Really?
"Human rights"

Let me guess, you think free healthcare is a human right?
No, you just dont know what fascism is
> We can handle immigration court, deportations, and the asylum process without separating families and throwing children in cages with port-a-Potties and space blankets on the concrete floor.

From my understanding, that's the whole point of the executive order.

>We should be returning all of those kidnapped children.

I don't know what you mean when you say "all of those" children. Who specifically was kidnapped?

>If you can’t get behind that, maybe you should do some deep self reflection.

I don't know why you're getting the sense that I'm against you when I'm trying to find out why these protesters are protesting.
It's the ones with the strap in the back
Most normal people generally refer to them as shoes.
Banana hammock is made of Kevlar, and the thong sports 3 feet of 550 Paracord and a wire saw hidden in the butt string in case your hands are bound behind your back. Super useful.
When they are herding me into the gas chamber at least I can breathe my self righteousness
>it just makes us look as bad as they are.

I've been wondering lately if this is actually the goal of Republicans. Just keep escalating is ridiculous ways so that when the left cries out about basically everything, then they can point to us and say, "you're just being hysterical!"

See: Melania's Jacket. It makes us look like Sean Hannity levels of unglued.
Yeah don’t go into the school, don’t even go on school property.  But I see no reason to not line the road leading to the school.
I think there’s a line, you certainly don’t go to their school or whatever, but if they’re at home, they’re not immune to the protests. You have to affect change any way possible. 

GOP is playing dirty; why not everyone else?
Yeah, kids are off limits. That's a red line. They are innocent and have no say in any of this.
I think that until it actually happens to THEIR kids they aren’t going to give two shits. And even they may not. These people have only their own interests at heart.
> And *all the time, you need to hold true to the policy of not fucking with innocent children.
THEY absolutely were NOT in retreat when Trump took office. They were in full on battle mode and were terrorizing civilians inside their evil little Islamic state as well as expanding.

YES - a lot of countries contributed. On the ground and in the air. But it was all pushed by the US. 

Obama didn't act on ISIS when he should have, in the manner that he should have.
That bomb...as long as it kills the terrorist...I don't care if it kills anybody related to him. Fuck 'em.
Ok. I can live with that. We're talking about the Trump Crime Family here...so...cool.
There is one sure way to be sure that they don't.
No they are being effected by the protesters actions not hers. They see no consequences from her actions
I get your intent, but I think there's something apt there, with the removal of women's health rights, the number of kids living in poverty, this despicable policy of separating kids from their parents. Even now that they say they'll stop the seperation (sic) of families, they're now going to imprison kids. 

Maybe the sound of crying children should play before football games instead of the anthem.
I think your's is the appropriate reaction.
Agree--even on small things. Remember when the Hamilton cast gave a "represent us all" speech to Mike Pence? Yeah, remember how uber-conservative media started saying Pence was "boo'd out of the theater" and what a disrespectful disgrace it all was blah blah blah?

I pulled up the recording from their Twitter that showed exactly how it went down (including the cast member saying "now now, let's not do that, we don't want to boo anyone" when an audience member did boo). I told him I thought it was important that he know what actually happened vs. what he was being told by his fave radio program.

He did not speak to me for a month.
“Dictator” do you realize how insane you sound? You then follow by advocating rights be removed from people you disagree with and yet you call the other side facists.
Well, before the divorce I beat him up about it so much he vowed to never vote again and tried to unregister to vote. (not my intention at all and I tried to change his mind).  So there's that, I guess.
Which is another reason the Republican Party needs to be burnt to the ground. If they don't have the spine to take their moderate-right party back from the fascists, then they don't deserve to have a seat at the table.
I find that hard to believe. The last two elections they’ve had a dozen candidates all vying for the nomination.
Of course.  We need to get everyone to the polls.  But I maintain that not everyone who voted for him last time would necessarily do so again.  He’s forging deeper bonds with his base, but the tent is getting narrower, not wider.  It’s not a winning electoral strategy in the long run.
Millennials have been awake since the financial crisis.
[State ranks for quality of life. ](http://www.businessinsider.com/us-news-best-states-quality-of-life-ranked-2018-2) Lots of blue states at the bottom (including California with the worst ranking).
Yep, all Trump supporters are scumbags! What a complete narcissistic statement to make. Something a “decent” person like yourself shouldn’t make. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Not much you can do to save the fox news crowd. They're hopeless.
That seems mighty tolerant of the left. But you know what they say. If if wasn't for double standards the left wouldn't have any standards at all.
I've always wondered how other Catholics can support this? And for the most part, my Catholic friends don't, and the Pope sure doesn't. The ones that do though, I don't know if I really consider them Catholic anymore.
fuck, now I have 3 planks. The 2 plank signs all gotta be scrapped
What rebuttal? If you think I disagree with the guy quoting Milton Meyer then you are off your rocker. Every time someone spouts off the stupid “imagine if Obama did this” I reply saying they instead need to actually imagine if this administration did every single corrupt action they have done so far in a single night. That is how you truly gauge how far we have slid. 

And are you calling me a shill or something? Do you think everyone who disagrees with you wears a MAGA hat?
I've seen this sentiment for a year or so now, but I've definitely seen an uptick in it in the last two weeks. 

I know they're just trying to muddy the water or make us question ourselves, and they put no value to the words their saying, but it's just... I don't know the word, but as a Jewish American, it's beyond insulting to see others make up opinions for Holocaust survivors and have them saying literally the opposite of what they would actually say. 


"Never again" came out of the Holocaust for a reason and to try and use those that said that, to now say this, is disgusting and dangerous. 

But I think anyone who invokes Holocaust victims as a way to try and quiet the conversation about the parallels of Hitler's rise knows that and is doing so maliciously.
I didn't learn much about the holocaust from school. My history courses rarely made it to WW2, and if they did, it was maybe a day or two towards the end of the semester to cover the entire war. Most of my knowledge of the holocaust comes from my own personal reading of the time, so I'm not surprised most are unaware of Auschwitz.
we touched on it for a week. in middle school.  I only remember it because our teacher had been in a camp and told us a couple of stories.  One sadly funny and the other she told us high level and I didn't quite understand until later and it's fairly grisly punishment for escape attempt.

So that's our education system.
So dumb can't even troll properly.  That's how I think of anyone who could possibly vote for Trump.
The left has an amazing tendency to be weird about it.  The Weather Underground blew themselves up.  


A lot of eco terrorists and other ones are basically entrapped by the government.  The FBI probably radicalizes more than any other organization.
he said almost always.
There are 9 US embassies in Mexico where these people can submit their asylum claims legally and without fear of separation. 

You are not a serious person...
Really?  Why?  Trump voluntarily made the problem worse with his zero tolerance policy.  

Obama faced the issue of a surge of unaccompanied minors and we are still dealing with this issue.  However, he did not create a zero tolerance policy that forced BP/ICE to take the children away from families when children arrived with family.

Trump did not improve the situation.  Trump made the situation worse with that policy.
Womp womp
Obama's results speak for themselves. Illegal immigration was declining and he did not need a bullshit zero tolerance policy.
So we're in agreement then? Electing Trump was not the act of mature, educated and rational individuals. 

Now that we got that out of the way, we can move on to what we're going to do about it. Mueller is on the job, so we should be able to wrap all this up in the near future hopefully.
>But in the hands of Trump and his fascistic aide Stephen Miller, the brutality has become more systematic, and it is accompanied by a campaign aimed at whipping up anti-immigrant racism and hysteria over the purported danger that the United States will be “overrun,” as Trump claimed in his speech Wednesday night to a rally in Minnesota.

One paragraph down from yours, eagle eye

Also,

>On January 31, 2017, McAuliffe appeared with Attorney General Mark Herring to announce that Virginia was joining the lawsuit Aziz v. Trump, challenging President Donald Trump's immigration executive order.

Find another straw man to cherry pick
That's what I don't get. Put the government on blast for it but don't act like it's just this administration. People get mad when you say both sides are the same but every day something comes out that really makes it clear.....tthey are the same
Definition of concentration camp from dictionary.com

concentration camp

noun
a guarded compound for the detention or imprisonment of aliens, members of ethnic minorities, political opponents, etc

From Merriam-Webster dictionary:

 a camp where persons (such as prisoners of war, political prisoners, or refugees) are detained or confined

Keep going about how these aren't concentration camps when by definition they are exactly that.
Ahhh got it.  So you're either a troll or a racist piece human filth.  I'll tag you as both and move on.  Thanks!
He said, as his darling President does all that he can to ignore the rule of law and convert America in to a dystopia 🙄
>not with alien races and not wanting the country your ancestors built

So like...when our ancestors were alien races? and then they came over here and built america? Like those alien races?
Lmfao. Did I not articulate my thoughts in a way that conveyed my utter digust for totalitarian sychophants?
Correct, and people are being imprisoned for seeking asylum at border crossings.
> pay wall

I'm reading it fine without one. Maybe get ad blocker? Your failure to be informed on the issue isn't my problem.

If you have a point in posting that segment of the Flores oinion, you didn't state it.

>So not enforce the law?

Prosecutorial discretion, in this case of the Attorney General.
lol @ trying to defend using concentration camps
Yes they are much safer in the camps.

Arbeit Macht Frei
Those kids are already in danger before they leave home. Arguably greater danger or they wouldn’t leave. I heard it described yesterday as fleeing a burning building. So I built an analogy out of it. Would you jump 7 stories out of a burning building into an ice cold river where you would probably die of hypothermia or drown? I don’t think anyone would say no and if they do, either they’re lying for the sake of winning an argument or they don’t understand human nature.
Cheers! Effect-Affect is my kryptonite
> Liberals don't shop in cheap wholesale stores and only eat healthy produce!

/s?

I am liberal and sometimes wholesale products are fine. Costco has shoppers of all kinds but is mostly Conservative, from my experience.
> USDA prime

I'm sure it tastes and grills great, I mean in the sense of local butcher shops and organic/grass fed beef, plus cruelty-free chicken and pork. Not doubting the taste factor of their meats, just that Liberals also consider world context of their products more.

Their produce is OK but not much variety or local options.

And again:

>TBH the costco location for this was probably just the fact that it is a huge single room with multiple bluetooth speakers, so it was a good target for playing audio as a protest.
Doesn't Fi utilize T-Mobile and Sprint for their service. Unfortunately they're likely still getting some of your money.
Consider letting them know on twitter if you have one. They should know this is causing them to lose customers.
I’ve seen this statement but they haven’t been terrible with me at all. Besides the devastating lack of service in rural areas, they are *ok*. Much better than Verizon. Is there anything I should be expecting them to screw up later?
Fi still runs on T-Mobile's network. But there's not many other options...
Fi uses Tmobile as their main network, or at least Tmobile has the strongest signal in most areas compared to Sprint or US Cellular.
Koch, Comcast, At&t, Sinclair, Rupert Murdoch, Nestle...

We need several reckonings to bring back the peace.
Thats the part we cut out for those money grabbing fucksticks:)
T-mobile.
Those speakers make thousands for each speech. When it comes to political figures, the number of thousands depends on how relevant they are. He was probably making north of $10,000 dollar range for each speech. 

With his connection to Trump, he will never be more relevant than now. In fact, there is a good chance that Trump's star will fall earlier than most, so this guy couldn't afford to put off his money making days until later, when this dies down. He needs to strike while the iron is hot, which is now. That's been taken from him. This will cost him a very significant amount to his retirement account.
Not sure exactly but I'd assume around there. Speaking gigs pull in big money
With this administration, they're about to give the presidential medal of Honor for making them cry
-This one is so special I don't even play it.  
-Can I touch it?  
-No. In fact, don't even look at it.
Why not just make 10 louder?
Did brown children being ripped from their parents by the Obama administration mean they wanted to put black people in chains?
Really?  You think saying Republicans want to put black people back in chains is a fair statement much less "going high"?  You really think that?
Yes. Really. By definition, they are concentration camps.

Stop acting like that’s not true.
Yes really
lol I'm not getting into that with you right now bud.
I'm well aware of what fascism is. I'm done with this back-and-forth now; see you at the ballot box.
The children who got seperated and legally kidnapped by the ICE. You'd be a fool to think there's any plan to reunite them with their parents, who are now in prison.
I didn’t realize I was talking to a West world robot.

That sure doesn’t look like anything to you, does it?
I like this
Teva?
It's always been part of their plan. Ever since the campaign. 

When Democrats were like. "He's going to become Hitler 2.0! We're going to go into World War 3! He's going to ruin the country."

Republicans were like "Oh, stop being fucking snowflakes. You’re being ridiculous. You just don't like him because he's not Obama. Give him a chance. It's not fair to call him Hitler when you don't even know what's going to happen."

Well, now look where we are. He's gone full blown Hitler and he's destroying our relationships with our allies while propping up dictators like Putin and Kim Jong Yun and our entire government is corrupt. 

And now people are like "Who could have saw this coming"

And it's like "Hillary! She warned us during the campaign but people thought she was being ridiculous. Also the people who voted for her."
I went to a high profile target for Republican protesters.

Do not target schools. DO NOT FUCK WITH KIDS.
We're talking about killing the children of terrorists my dude
Once something happens to their kids, we lose popular support, and the conservatives can muddy the water turning one slightly scared or uncomfortable kid as a blank check from them to continue traumatizing thousands.
[This massive report from the BBC disagrees](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35695648)

>As early as September 2014, US air strikes had helped prevent IS taking over the Kurdish-held town of Kobane on the border with Turkey. After that, the SDF were pushing forward. By October 2016, IS had lost all access to the Turkish border, a huge logistical setback - virtually all foreign jihadists bound for both Syria and Iraq had come that way, apart from other advantages.

>The Turkish-backed Syrian rebels also played their part, taking over IS-held areas north and east of Aleppo - including Dabiq, which fell in a mundane enough manner with none of the apocalyptic "burning of the Crusader armies" heralded in IS mythology.

>Gradually the militants' tide receded further and further down the Euphrates valley, with the SDF, backed by perhaps 2,000 US special forces with artillery and air power, doing most of the pushing. By November 2016, the SDF were in a position to launch a campaign to isolate and eventually attack the IS "capital", Raqqa. The assault on the city itself began in early June 2017.

US drone strikes, both during Obama and Trump, were very effective. But, as an external viewer, once ISIS truly started to wrap up it felt clear that Russia had had the biggest effect towards the end. This was so they could pivot and start taking on Syrian rebels on behalf of Assad but to understate their part in destroying ISIS is foolish.
Yeah so you don't know the first thing about fighting terrorism. Just wanted to make that clear to anyone who reads this and thinks it's a good idea - you are talking out your ass and your plan would create more terrorists and galvanize the general population against you. Another win for hardliners and extremists - courtesy of you.
Cool. So you just took one terrorist and turned it into at least 2.
That's how you make more terrorists...
This is *literally how you create terrorists*.

This is a failing policy. This is the exact reason ISIS *existed* in the first place.
This is idiocy. You should get off the internet and stop sharing your horrible thoughts.
...how do i know you won't grow up to be a terrorist? one sure way to be sure that you won't.

horrible argument
Shall I make sure you don't become a terrorist?  Probably not, you'd say.  Nice logic.

There's another way to ensure they don't, and that's not to continue to decimate their country and destroy their families.
Hmm interesting point of view you have there. While we're at it, we should make sure the Jews don't rise again also!
Yes, and follow the trail of consequences.

The protesters are there because she deserves being protested against. So blame the instigator, not the people who are reacting to her.
Oh damn, you forgot the main thing I thought you were referring to, which is school shootings!
It also cripples those from a childhood of abuse and neglect.
Not gonna fully defend the person above you, but I think "wannabe-dictator" is totally fair. Then, they reference very real barriers set up to depress the minority vote. I'm sorry but I feel like Trump gets more and more normalized by so-called "centrists" every day. People who think they're superior because they haven't taken a "side" when one political party has forfeited nearly all decency and reason. All the crazy "leftist" rhetoric people complain about is coming from activists, protesters, and maybe a radical academic. The crazy right-wing rhetoric comes from THE VERY TOP from people with real power. Not just the executive branch. A Republican Congressman, Matt Gaetz, brought a self-identifying white supremacist to the State of the Union. We're deep in insanity, and "moderates" don't understand that all the valid arguments and disagreements now happen between politicians with D next to their name.
Instead of apologizing and trying to do better in the future. That’s so  much to expect from people lately that it gets to that. Sorry for venting on your comment, the times are hard.
republicans are not moderate right. by standards of the entire world republicans would be far right, while the dems are moderate right to center
And there was no incumbent
Exactly. They don't get more votes to cast because of how passionate you are. I argued with a Trump supporter that doesn't think Trump is in trouble.

He's polling at around 39% approval, and never going above 45%. Why the fuck does he think always digging deeper and narrowing his tent is gonna win them support in Congress, etc.?

Trump truly doesn't understand political strategy. He can't. Maybe it's just too many independent moving parts as opposed to business deals...idk. 

He's crumbling under the weight of the Presidency in real time.
We're still not voting enough
Fair enough. I was thinking of the health rankings and had the wrong definition of quality of life in my head. It looks like lower cost of living is one of the most important factors in quality of life. Good read thank you.
[removed]
R atheists lose their minds, but most religions operate on some golden rule morality. Like all humans they fail, but Evangelicals can't really be supportive of this either.
I agree.

Thank you for your input.  I saw someone try to quiet it like this, immediately, when news of this first sprang out in mainstream.
Hitler's rise to power started before any notion of concentration camps.  He was jailed for political violence.  He and his goons shut down opposition speeches through violence.

That's what fascism is.  People seem to forget that.  The current administration is democratically elected, and they didn't turn violent.

You want a group that reflects Hitler's rise to power?  Look to Antifa.
If only there had been movies, books, tv shows and plays to fill the gap.
too bad Trump has poisoned our relationship with mexico isn't. You know we need these workers right? that our agriculture and construction industries are desperate for workers. This is pure racism nothing less. and it is a crime against humanity
>One paragraph down from yours, eagle eye

I said everyone should be held responsible.

>Find another straw man to cherry pick

What strawman did I create?
> That's what I don't get. Put the government on blast for it but don't act like it's just this administration.

This administration is the one with the power to change it.  Hence putting the current government on blast.
http://youtu.be/4Pjs7uoOkag
Seriously, holy shit. How is it people are actually arguing that, yes, our government is putting children into concentration camps, but like... not the *bad* concentration camps.
So I'll take silence an agreement on my first two points.
Still not going to throw the borders wide open and let anyone come in. They will be detained and deported, according to the law unless they make a successful asylum claim.
Meh, I did the same thing (long ago, actually) - I think the important part is T-Mobile doesn't get to claim you as a subscriber anymore.
It does, and american cellular.
https://twitter.com/TMobile

Light em up!
That wouldn’t surprise me in the least. This is an administration of spite and malice.
Still got the ol'  tagger on it!
But this goes to 11. That's more, innit?
Maybe they start with a 1 index instead of 0.
I knew it! Whataboutwhataboutwhatabout!?
I’ve talked to a fair number of republicans on a candid basis and it’s not an inaccurate statement. There is a very, very large and very, very racist Republican base. Are you trying to pretend that the Republican Party isn’t absolutely chock full of racists? The only thing missing from the GOP convention was the tall pointy white hats many of those people wear on the weekends.

I’ve heard the N word more since Trump’s election than I heard it collectively over the last few decades. Trump has emboldened the racists.

But let’s be real about it. Kaine was speaking a bit metaphorically. I think most of those racist republicans don’t really want to enslave African Americans, even if they joke about it in their racist way. They know the people of the US would never allow it.

But they still want them in chains.

Tied down. Marginalized. Incarcerated. Stripped of rights. Shoved out of their communities. Out of their schools. Out of their lives.  Out of their country.

They want to erase decades of social progress and roll back the civil rights movement. 

You have to be willfully blind not to see it. There’s a reason the staggering majority of African Americans voted against these disgusting Republican politicians. Cultivating racism has been the Republican Party way for a long time now. The southern strategy is alive and well. Trump doesn’t use a dog whistle to speak to these racist people, he uses a bullhorn.
Come on man. This entire week has been dominated by brown children in chains, and it’s had great support amongst the republican base. If you aren’t a conservative white Christian American they don’t give a fuck about you. I never said it was going high, but it’s probably not as inaccurate as you think.
Wow, a different person in a random context said something that was at odds with a different individual's statement.  WOW!  Can't the democrats present a completely uniform front at all times and not be individuals in different situations at different points in time?  Fuck these guys for not being a hive mind!

One person said to take the high road, BUT THIS OTHER GUY DIDN'T DO IT?!

DAE LIBRAULS?
Hey man, save yourself some time from these trolls and look into[ this tool](https://www.reddit.com/r/ActiveMeasures/comments/87tnwm/reddit_pro_tools_automatically_tag_trolls_and/) for Reddit. Automatically identifies trolls and propaganda in Reddit comments based off user history, karma score, and subscription feed.
Ill probably be voting the same as you
If this administration was truly fascist, there would be no ballot box, so I think he is correct in saying you don't know what fascism is.
> The children who got seperated and legally kidnapped by the ICE.

What **specific** kidnapping cases are you talking about? Please be more helpful than Exodi.
Okay. In the future, don't reply to me unless you can actually answer what I'm asking.
Then don’t protest at a school.

I’m not going to sit here telling other where they aren’t allowed to peacefully protest.

I am a firm believer that the only way to get these people to listen is to disrupt every aspect of their lives. If they can’t go grocery shopping, or drop their kids off at school without having to acknowledge their actions that may effect some change. 

But you don’t have to join in that. 

Nothing I’m suggesting is cruel, nothing is outside the realm of reasonability, nothing is mean to the children.
Uhhh I’m talking about peacefully disrupting the lives of GOP families until they change their policies.
The Russians did kick some ISIS butt in Syria...as well as Syrian rebels that were trying to take out Assad.

But then we killed 200 Russian mercenaries that one day...that was pretty cool...
BA-BOOM!

Dead bad guys.
Oh no...the bomb killed that one also. They were taking turns fucking a sheep, like Islamic terrorists do, when the bomb dropped. Killing them both.
No. ISIS existed because they wanted to start an ultra deep Islamic country where everybody follows their psycho rules.
If they already didn’t like her then this changes nothing, if they were unmoved by the crying in the first place then this is just a major annoyance. Plus most people don’t feel safe with protestors in their neighborhood because protests can become riots very easily
It's sad how they seem so routine now that they're not the first thing I list.
Trump believes he is right, plain and simple.  If people don’t come around to his way of thinking, for him it just means they are stupid or obstinate or otherwise wrong.  He is thoroughly incapable of modifying his own views or broadening his perspective to include more people.  

This will eventually be his undoing, assuming we can get him out before he tries to rule by force alone.  Because he has enough followers who would love nothing more than to carry out his orders against all the evil liberals.  And this scares me a little, because he won’t be able to maintain power through normal electoral means.  But boy does he love power, and boy does he believe he deserves to have it.
He doesn't care. He just wants to do as much damage as possible in whatever time he has left. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Many economists are also predicting a recession beginning in 2019 due to the climbing debt (tax cuts), interest rates and tariffs. Sadly he's doing real damage that is going to take many years to recover from.
I honestly never thought I would legitimately see talk like this in my lifetime, especially in America. 

I was so sure WWII kind of got us all agreeing Nazis were bad, and anytime we saw them starting up again, we would let everyone know. 

Now that we see it though, I'm sure glad I actually paid attention in history class and in Hebrew school when Holocaust surviors came to talk.
>The current administration is democratically elected, and they didn't turn violent.

Right, they just decided to put children in cages.

> You want a group that reflects Hitler's rise to power? Look to Antifa.

I agree, the rise in anti-fascist feelings is very similar to Hitlers rise, which also saw a rise in anti-fascist feelings.  Hitler and his followers though shut it down through violence.  Like fascism does.
Some people just aren't interested. You can lead them to a library, but you can't make them read 'Night' or watch Schindler's List.
Not clicking on your propoganda link sorry.
Harriet Tubman was breaking the law. Rosa Parks was breaking the law. Perhaps some laws are wrong?
So does twatt
Also, their CEO https://twitter.com/JohnLegere
Just listen to it...the sustain...
for the unaware: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOO5S4vxi0o
That never gets old.
>I’ve heard the N word more since Trump’s election than I heard it collectively over the last few decades.

https://media1.giphy.com/media/I5xVnGJRHZZf2/giphy.gif

If you think Republicans want to put black people in chains you are part of the problem.  You are the reason so many voted for Trump
in chains?  Really?  Again, youre part of the problem
He was the fucking vice president
Just because the Trump administration hasn't succeeded in upending our democracy doesn't mean Trump wouldn't if possible or that individuals within the administration don't have fascist worldviews or tendencies.

It really doesn't matter what you think he's correct in saying, as if that now makes the both of you correct.
[all of the children of this attorney’s clients. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/outlook/families-will-no-longer-be-separated-at-the-border-but-where-are-my-clients-kids/2018/06/20/9d9e59a0-74b6-11e8-805c-4b67019fcfe4_story.html)
The children who, upon arriving at the border with their parents to seek legal asylum, get seperated by the ICE and put into concentration camps. I'm sure you've seen the news?
Can’t fix stupid. If you can’t see it, I can’t help you.
Are you asking for names? I don’t think anyone can provide you with “this specific child was stolen” because THERE ARE NO RECORDS which is the entire problem.
> I’m not going to sit here telling other where they aren’t allowed to peacefully protest.

I am. Don't target schools. Whether you are at the front door, or line the streets to it.

Targetting a school makes kids feel unsafe, 'peaceful' or not. Kids feeling unsafe is what we are protesting.

DON'T TARGET SCHOOLS.
Wrong thread my dude
BA-BOOM!

JimJonesPsyOps and his family killed in a terrorist attack...gravestone reads: fuck em
Do you not have AC in your trailer or something, you seem irritated.
ISIS was comprised of and preyed upon thousands of late teens to early twenties men who hated the west because over the previous two decades they watched their neighborhoods get leveled, their parents get murdered, their homes get destroyed, and their friends get vaporized, all by the hand of American troops. All of the bullshit about religious idealogy is secondary, that shit is just a tool to keep your disenfranchised recruits in line. Realize that people are not *born* as extremist nutcases. It's learned behavior, behavior that *you* likely would have learned had you been subject to the same atrocities in your youth. Your policy is exactly the policy which breeds extremism, there is no argument.
I don't think anyone has any right to ignore this issue or not take a stance on it. Your place in society is always political in a democratic society.

So if they agree with her policy I think they should be exposed to the noise. Anybody who support Trumps policy *has* to be exposed and acknowledge the consequences of it. In other words, if they want and support the policy, then the cries of children should be music to their ears.

It's what they supported, no?
Send em over to Chicagos southwest side. We can handle the Trump uprisings.
It starts slow. =/

No one noticed it.   At least it's noticed now.
No, Antifa *are* the fascists.
Of course you aren’t. It may be a different opinion than yours.
So you're equating the Civil Rights Movement to lawlessness at border crossings? 

Guess we can all throw away our passports.
Wtf is "twatt"?  I mean, I know what "twat" is, but I've never heard of "twatt".
I don't hear anything
There are people out there who don’t know *Spinal Tap*?
If you can’t see the Republican Party is deeply racist, you ARE the problem.

Open your eyes.
So if i call you out on not brushing your teeth are you gonna eat shit to prove me.. right?
Black people never got out of the chains.  But some Republicans want to literally have us in shackles all the damn time.
They're putting brown people in cages while separating them from their parents, while the first lady wears a jacket that says "I really don't care, do u".

If you think we should avoid extrapolating this to their views on other races, then you're the one that's part of the problem.
What problem is that exactly?
Yeah, inconsistency.  It's irrelevant.  He forgot, he thought it was worth it, whatever it might have been, it doesn't fucking matter though that one person didn't align with a *sentiment*.
>Like many of the clients I’ve represented in the past four weeks, she had been charged with illegal reentry.

So this wasn't a kidnapping case, either.
If it hasn't been reported that these kids are being kidnapped, why are people replying to me telling me they're being kidnapped?
I heard you the first 3 times. 

Kids being locked up like criminals is what I’m protesting

Separating families for no reason is what I’m protesting

Pushing closer and closer to fascism is what I’m protesting

So I’ll think on what you’ve said, but I don’t tell others what they are or aren’t allowed to do, and I don’t listen to stangers on the Internet telling me what I’m allowed to do. I can make decisions for myself.
Uhhh nope
So, you are saying that ISIS was formed BECAUSE of Americans?

It had nothing to do with ultra religious nutcases recruiting other religious nutjobs to come to Northern Iraq to carve out their own caliphate? 

AMERICANS caused ISIS to gang rape little girls? Light people on fire. Execute people for smoking cigarettes? WE...AMERICANS were the cause of that?

Get the fuck out of here.
So anyone who voted for Obama has to have pictures of the kids killed in his drone strikes plastered over their windows? Your neighbors can play the crying of the mothers who kids were killed in those strike over their speakers directly at your house? Get real and realize there people aren’t making a difference they are just disturbing the peace because they disagree with her and Trump, not because they actually care about kids being separated otherwise we would have seen similar protests and events during Obama’s drone escapades. This is manufactured outrage if I have ever seen it
Some of us noticed, but as you can see the push back now, *while children are in cages*, talking about it a year or two ago was not very popular. 

Not that it mattered it wasn't a popular opinion. I've always been taught, if you see the signs, you say something. 

It is heartening to see many others join in now. Hopefully it's not too late.
Right, the *anti-fascists* are the real fascists, not the people telling us to stand for the national anthem, calling the press an enemy, and putting children in cages.
If it matches any of your opinions then it's just mindless right-wing bullshit that I can live without.
I never advocated lawlessness. 

I'm saying blind obedience to a law is a shit excuse. It didn't work for nazi guards during the Nuremberg war crimes trials, either. 

You know what I'm saying. You're trying to argue semantics now.
Time Warner at&t
I believe he’s referring to at&t.
Well, you would if it were playing. It's famous for its sustain.
Common AskReddit question: When was the first time you realized you were getting old?
I’ve never seen it and I got the reference.
Yes, there are people under 40, even on *reddit*.
I want the toxicity in politics to stop on both sides.  Ill call it out when I see it
These children are being forcibly taken from their parents with no plans to return them. 

What do you consider kidnapping? A ransom note made of magazine clippings?
Yes, the American operations in the middle east were a major cause of ISIS' existence, whether you're ready to acknowledge that or not.
Your whataboutism is fucking ridiculous and you have to be aware of how silly you're making yourself look. People protested Obama's drone strikes literally the whole time they were happening. The difference is that, while horrible and it never should have happened, the children killed by the drones were not *the purpose of sending the drones*. This administration is going out of its way to rip legal, asylum seeking families apart and put children in concentration camps just because Fat Donald wants his fucking wall. Open your eyes.
Yes they should! That's why Nixon et al forbade journalists from reporting on any conflict following Vietnam. The truth of their policy was too awful for their governance. This is why the American state has slowly drifted away from democracy. 

This is not something that can be excused by blaming the opposite party of doing. That rethoric is just making intolerable acts justified.

And do you deserve peace when you support outrageous and inhumane policies? I think the Frankfurt School had a very good point in this. We need to face the realities of our decisions. Just because we have a state that carries out our will does not displace the ultimate responsibility from us. We are the state.
If you think calling yourself an anti-fascist makes you an anti-fascist, then I have a bridge to sell you.  Did you also know that the North Korea is actually called the *Democratic People's Republic* of Korea?

Antifa routinely shuts down dialogue, gets free speech events cancelled, and engages in violent riots for political gain.
I bet that’s what it is. I’m conservative so anything  I could possibly say is mindless right wing bullshit. You’re probably right.
I wasn't clear what you were saying because we aren't face-to-face and context can be misrepresented in any direction.

The narrative being pushed is open borders where people can flow in without processing - that's as close to "lawlessness at border crossings" as it gets
They're renaming Time Warner to WarnerMedia and it's going to be a subsidiary of AT&T, so unfortunately no twatt.
When was the first time you realized the next generation is doomed?
When you realize movies and music existed before the MCU and XXXtentacion your mind is going to be blown.
I think that's a noble aim and a good goal but I don't think that's what you're trying to do.  

The time to call that out for that purpose would have been when it happened. Maybe you did and that's great.   Now, however, you're just using it to diminish others, as it happens to detract from their position.  That is adding to the toxicity, not combating it.
And the people/president telling us to stand for the national anthem, calling the press an enemy, and putting children in cages, what would you call them?
Thank you. Doesn't the truth feel better?
The Schengen Area seems to work well, why not the North American Area? If 26 countries can figure it out, I would think 3 could.
Fake news
> he people/president telling us to stand for the national anthem

Toothless and unpatriotic.

> calling the press an enemy

Very concerning, yet no action has been taken to silence the press, so I wouldn't go so far as to call it fascism.

> putting children in cages

Cruel, but not at all related to fascism.
It does. I should’ve known when to WalkAway but I persisted and you have shown me the truth. Thank you internet friend.
>Fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism, characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition and control of industry and commerce...
I'm not your friend, pal.
Yes exactly.  What part of this child separation issue has anything to do with fascism?

Make no mistake, it is a horrible thing going on, but it is not fascism and to say it is just cheapens the word and reinforces to Trump supporters the idea that the liberal media is exaggerating next time he does something that might actually be fascist.

**Edit**: Take [this headline](http://thehill.com/homenews/media/393618-msnbcs-deutsch-equates-trump-voters-to-nazi-guards-if-you-vote-for-trump-youre) for example.  Absolutely ridiculous.
I’m not your pal, buddy.

As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trump has a 42% to 45% approval rating.  Even if the UN started proposing sanctions (an embarassing thing even if it's DOA) it wouldn't change that. 

But if the UN did propose sanctions, please use the same language as the **Magnitsky Act.**  Please propose to freeze overseas assets of Trump and his oligarch of swamp creatures.
Feel free to arrest and hold international trials for the baby cagers when they set foot on your soil.
No shit. It is trauma. It is inhumane. It is heartless.
You know, the actual torture may count as torture also.

https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-obtains-documents-showing-widespread-abuse-child-immigrants-us-custody

EDIT: In case you don't feel like clicking, I'm posting this because everyone should know:

Punched a child’s head three times

Kicked a child in the ribs

Used a stun gun on a boy, causing him to fall to the ground, shaking, with his eyes rolling back in his head

Ran over a 17-year-old with a patrol vehicle and then punched him several times

Verbally abused detained children, calling them dogs and “other ugly things”

Denied detained children permission to stand or move freely for days and threatened children who stood up with transfer to solitary confinement in a small, freezing room

Denied a pregnant minor medical attention when she reported pain, which preceded a stillbirth

Subjected a 16-year-old girl to a search in which they “forcefully spread her legs and touched her private parts so hard that she screamed”

Left a 4-pound premature baby and her minor mother in an overcrowded and dirty cell full of sick people, against medical advice

Threw out a child’s birth certificate and threatened him with sexual abuse by an adult male detainee.
Psychologists are already saying that the children separated from their parents and sent to the concentration camps may be "scarred" for life and may grow up to be criminals: http://bronx.news12.com/clip/14438165/psychologist-children-separated-at-border-will-be-scarred-for-life

Other psychologists are calling this "child abuse": 

>"These early separations have a profound effect on the overall capacity for people to function and be useful members of society,” van der Kolk says. “Your brain is a predictive system. If people get ripped away from you, you get a brain that will say, ‘People will mess with me. People will hurt me. People will take advantage of me.’ That becomes your basic orientation as you grow up."

http://time.com/5316030/kids-separation-parents-psychological-harm/
Yay we have committed crimes against humanity.

Never thought we would see this shit again in our lifetime.
Don't pull your fucking punches, UN. It **is** torture. Those kids are going to be traumatized for life because of this separation. They've been taken by strangers, locked up in terrible conditions, told lies about when they can connect to their loved ones again, allegedly/potentially beaten and/or drugged in some cases, transported across the country and then handed off to other strangers in the foster care system. They will have a lifetime of trust, anxiety and relationship issues because of this shit. In many ways it's worse than physical torture with longer lasting effects.
Sanctions please
At this point I welcome UN sanctions.
"Well Trump and his supporters are huge on zero-tolerance. What is the penalty for crimes against humanity again?"

-Sadam Hussain's Rotten Corpse
They’re right. It’s psychological torture to them. Imagine gojng to another country with your parents and then having them taken away, being taken to a cage with a load of strangers. It must be frightening.
Inb4 we leave the UN.
**REMINDER!!! THE EXECUTIVE ORDER FIXES NOTHING! IT'S ACTUALLY MUCH WORSE**

***

great breakdown of the recent executive order by redditor snowhawk04:

***

**The Executive Order fixes nothing.** The crisis isn't over. It's actually much worse.

>**Affording Congress An Opportunity to Address Family Seperation**

>

Oh boy. Typo in the title. The best people!

>Section 1. Policy.
> It is the policy of this Administration to rigorously enforce our immigration laws. Under our laws, the only legal way for an alien to enter this country is at a designated port of entry at an appropriate time.

>

Surprise! Policy hasn't changed! "appropriate time" = "never". So Sessions gets to continue with the rescinded asylum policies and a limited persecution scope. Ports of entry, again, is open when they want it open.


>When an alien enters or attempts to enter the country anywhere else, that alien has committed at least the crime of improper entry and is subject to a fine or imprisonment under section 1325(a) of title 8, United States Code. This Administration will initiate proceedings to enforce this and other criminal provisions of the INA until and unless Congress directs otherwise.

>

Refugee Act of 1980 should take precedence.


>It is also the policy of this Administration to maintain family unity, including by detaining alien families together where appropriate and consistent with law and available resources.

>

In the name of family unity (...), they are going to keep splitting up families because that's what they believe.


>It is unfortunate that Congress’s failure to act and court orders have put the Administration in the position of separating alien families to effectively enforce the law.

>

Petty, but what else would you expect? They really do believe that keeping families together is not consistent with the law.


>Sec. 2. Definitions.

> For purposes of this order, the following definitions apply:

>(a) “Alien family” means

>(i) any person not a citizen or national of the United States who has not been admitted into, or is not authorized to enter or remain in, the United States, who entered this country with an alien child or alien children at or between designated ports of entry and who was detained; and

>(ii) that person’s alien child or alien children.

>(b) “Alien child” means any person not a citizen or national of the United States who

>(i) has not been admitted into, or is not authorized to enter or remain in, the United States;

>(ii) is under the age of 18; and

>(iii) has a legal parent-child relationship to an alien who entered the United States with the alien child at or between designated ports of entry and who was detained.

>

They've excluded the non-citizen parent and citizen child. If a woman arrives with a child, then they qualify as an alien family. If she is pregnant and gives birth during her detainment, the child is a U.S. citizen, and this section essentially states the child must be separated as it's not part of the family. Stephen Miller folks!


>Sec. 3. Temporary Detention Policy for Families Entering this Country Illegally.

>

**Concentration Camps. They've codified Concentration Camps.** If you believe the overall theme of this document is that migrants and asylum seekers are the enemy, then "internment camp" may be appropriate.

>(a) The Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary), shall, to the extent permitted by law and subject to the availability of appropriations, maintain custody of alien families during the pendency of any criminal improper entry or immigration proceedings involving their members.

>

It's now policy to keep a family detained until all members have been processed. Keep in mind, this task is delegated to Kirstjen Nielsen, who had no idea where the girls are and still hasn't visited border locations since the last policy was instituted.


>(b) The Secretary shall not, however, detain an alien family together when there is a concern that detention of an alien child with the child’s alien parent would pose a risk to the child’s welfare.

>

Holy shit is this vague. "where there is a concern"? Whose concern? Are we talking about past, present, or future? Must there be documented evidence or are they allowed to gut feel it? As long as they write down whatever excuse they want, the separation is justified I guess.

>(c) The Secretary of Defense shall take all legally available measures to provide to the Secretary, upon request, any existing facilities available for the housing and care of alien families, and shall construct such facilities if necessary and consistent with law. The Secretary, to the extent permitted by law, shall be responsible for reimbursement for the use of these facilities.

>

DoD is awarding contracts to private prisons? Are they going to run the facilities themselves? It'll be interesting if these concentration camps will require licensed staff. More importantly though, it keeps press out. Also, 100 facilities and 1 internment camp cost the taxpayer $500M in contracts, we're about to eat some DoD budget for immigration... How is this not a misappropriation of funds?


>(d) Heads of executive departments and agencies shall, to the extent consistent with law, make available to the Secretary, for the housing and care of alien families pending court proceedings for improper entry, any facilities that are appropriate for such purposes. The Secretary, to the extent permitted by law, shall be responsible for reimbursement for the use of these facilities.

>

Reiteration of the "Single Adult Prosecution Initiative"... Also, "to the extent permitted by law" and variations of it appears five times in this documents. These are outs.

>(e) The Attorney General shall promptly file a request with the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California to modify the Settlement Agreement in Flores v. Sessions, CV 85-4544 (“Flores settlement”), in a manner that would permit the Secretary, under present resource constraints, to detain alien families together throughout the pendency of criminal proceedings for improper entry or any removal or other immigration proceedings.

>

So they want to redefine "unnecessary delay" from 20 days to indefinite. The court of yesteryear may have struck this down. This court though? They say the don't want to carve out new exceptions, so maybe?

*Note - Per Human Rights and Constitutional Law Foundation's Peter Schey, one of the attorneys of the Flores case, has been served notice that the Federal Government plans to challenge not just the 20 day limit, but the unlimited access rights to facilities of children. They are literally trying to hide this shit. He is currently working on blocking deportations until all children are returned to their parents.*

>Sec. 4. Prioritization of Immigration Proceedings Involving Alien Families.

>The Attorney General shall, to the extent practicable, prioritize the adjudication of cases involving detained families.

>

Good that they are prioritizing families. Bad in that DOJ issued a work stoppage for lawyers and immigrant rights groups that were subsidized to provide assistance to the detained adults and children. Knowing who Jeff Sessions is, I don't see him in all that much of a rush to reinstate the program unless ordered to do so. This document doesn't order him to do so.

>Sec. 5. General Provisions.

>(a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect:

>(i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or(ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals.

>(b) This order shall be implemented in a manner consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.

>(c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.

>

Contractual boilerplate they'll use to immunize themselves.

Oh, and DOJ requested active duty JAGs to prosecute immigration crimes for 6 months...

TL;DR: It's the same fucking policy, but now they can separate families for whatever reason they want (3B).
At the very least it's a violation of the child's 8th Amendment rights against cruel and unusual punishment.
"May amount to torture"? No... it *is* torture. Removing a young child from their family (especially after the age at which separation anxiety becomes a thing) is traumatizing enough; throwing them in concrete buildings and cages without a single human nicety or comfort, no contact with relatives or friends, and often without anyone that even speaks the language efficiently isn't just torture - it's inhumane and should be seen as a crime against humanity.
It *does* amount to torture. **It's torture. Of children.** Constantly elevated levels of stress hormones in children can cause developmental delays as their physiology prioritizes survival over academic development. **It's government-sanctioned child abuse, period.**
"I'm not guilty of torturing children. The biggest baby cager is Hillary. And Obama. Oh yeah and Schumer. And many people are saying that Avenetti has babies in his basement locked up. How come nobodys looking at those guys" 

-DT
How about the part where the children, once in cages, were stripped, beaten, drugged and never returned to their families?
It is child abuse, saying nothing of the psychological damage to the parents.
Wait, didn't Trump also run on withdrawing from the UN? Sounds like he's getting  his reason...
*damning condemnation* is a bit redundant...
Show me an example where large groups of children concentrated without parent supervision and controlled by those who crave power were not physically and psychologically raped by their captures.

I have little doubt that right now a good number of these children are being abused in ways beyond our imagination.

It's hard to understand these atrocities in real time, but my guess is that the world will look at this event in American history as one of its darkest.
 The issue here is not who is putting them in these camps, it's the fact that these camps even exist in the condition they are in. The polarization between parties and blame-game politics need to be set aside and we really need to assess how we even got to this point. Children are being forcibly drugged, sexually abused, and threatened with violence. Go to your nearest playground and try doing this (don't really), and see how that plays out. Shocker...it won't! And yet, our country is doing these types of civil injustices daily to children who were looking for an escape from civil injustices in their own countries! Yes, they may have crossed illegally, and yes, that should be condemned, but by no means does that justify the way these kids get treated in these substandard housing communities / foster homes. I have no clear bipartisan solution to the immigration issue, neither does Congress or the Administration by the looks of it, but the injustices these kids are facing as a result of all of this needs to be faced or it will become yet another stain on this Administration, and Americas, history.  
I started a blog to help shed light on some of these issues as they arise, if anyone is interested, here it is: [chicanobeat.com](https://chicanobeat.com/) .
I abhor the separation policy, but there is something ridiculously hypocritical about a council that consists of DRC, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Qatar, Nigeria, Cuba, Rwanda, South Africa, Burundi, Saudi Arabia, China, Togo, Venezuela, and the Philippines (all detainers and torturers on a much larger scale) making this kind of condemnation.  

How many times did the council condemn the genocide in Burundi?  0

How many times did the council condemn the genocide in DRC?  0

Ethiopia?  0

Yemen? 0

Kenya? 0

Mali? 0
Wow! And this is happening at the same time that Trump wants to pull the US out of the UN, abandon our EU allies and spend the rest of his presidency drinking vodka with Vladimir Putin on Fantasy Island? Hm.
I think we all need to hit the pause button and ask who hurt Stephen Miller as a child.
>UN says Trumps policy of ripping children from their parents, throwing them in dog kennels, and beating them 'may possibly sorta be like a torture,' in damning, blistering, and scathing condemnation
He's going to end up with an international warrant for his arrest after his presidency. This is hilarious. Lock him up!
I think the goal is to priapism Stephen Miller to death.
The UN lol. Have they held anyone accountable for letting the Rwanda Genocide happen, yet?
While I don't necessarily disagree, this is also largely posturing by the UN because the Human Rights Council is angry that the United States left that body and they consequently lost a lot of funding. I don't agree with the United States' decision to leave the UNHRC, but using such strong language is specifically because of that act. It's not unwarranted, but these two things are connected and it's important to remember that even the Human Rights Council has an agenda. 

>In a statement issued by the UN's Human Rights Council, experts said the president's recent executive order, ostensibly to halt the controversial separations, failed to resolve the problem and "may lead to indefinite detention of entire families in violation of international human rights standards".

>“This executive order does not address the situation of those children who have already been pulled away from their parents. We call on the government of the US to release these children from immigration detention and to reunite them with their families based on the best interests of the child, and the rights of the child to liberty and family unity,” the group of 11 experts said.

>“Detention of children is punitive, severely hampers their development, and in some cases may amount to torture,” the experts said. “Children are being used as a deterrent to irregular migration, which is unacceptable.”

.  .  .

>The UN condemnation comes just days after the United States withdrew its membership from the Human Rights Council, saying that the council is against Israel.

>"For too long, the Human Rights Council has been a protector of human rights abusers, and a cesspool of political bias," Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the UN, said Tuesday during a speech at the State Department in Washington. She continued to say that the US had withdrawn from the council to reaffirm America's commitment to human rights, which she said "does not allow us to remain a part of a hypocritical and self-serving organisation that makes a mockery of human rights".
I'm sure the higher up people involved will be held accountable, shunned by society, and forever remembered with shock and disgrace by the American people. you know, just like with the Abu Ghraib prison torture reports.
Response will be - "we are leaving the UN anyways - it is useless! We are the only ones paying the bills.  Maybe they can give their opinion when they pay up." 
Or something like that - this is where we are going.
I really do wonder how long until Trump tries to withdraw from the UN entirely.
Its an act of war. Detaining kids and inflicting that kind of the psychological trauma is war.
https://www.loc.gov/law/help/child-rights/international-law.php

>Declaration of the Rights of the Child 1959[2]
The U.N. Declaration of the Rights of the Child (DRC) builds upon rights that had been set forth in a League of Nations Declaration of 1924.  The Preamble notes that **children need “special safeguards and care, including appropriate legal protection, before as well as after birth**,” reiterates the 1924 Declaration’s pledge that “**mankind owes to the child the best it has to give**,” and specifically calls upon voluntary organizations and local authorities to strive for the observance of children’s rights.[3] One of the key principles in the DRC is that a child is to enjoy “special protection” as well as “opportunities and facilities, by law and by other means,” for healthy and normal physical, mental, moral, spiritual, and social development “**in conditions of freedom and dignit**y.”  The “paramount consideration” in enacting laws for this purpose is “**the best interests of the child**,”[4] a standard echoed throughout legal instruments on children’s rights.  Among other DRC principles, a child is entitled to a name and nationality; to adequate nutrition, housing, recreation, and medical services; to an education; and, for the handicapped, to “special treatment, education and care.”[5] Other principles are on protection against neglect, cruelty and exploitation, trafficking, underage labor, and discrimination.

>U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child 1989
The Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) is the most comprehensive document on the rights of children.[7]  Based purely on the number of substantive rights it sets forth, as distinct from implementation measures, it is the longest U.N. human rights treaty in force and unusual in that it not only addresses the granting and implementation of rights in peacetime, but also the treatment of children in situations of armed conflict.  The CRC is also significant because it enshrines, “for the first time in binding international law, the principles upon which adoption is based, viewed from the child’s perspective.”[8]  **The CRC is primarily concerned with four aspects of children’s rights (“the four ‘P’s”): participation by children in decisions affecting them; protection of children against discrimination and all forms of neglect and exploitation; prevention of harm to them; and provision of assistance to children for their basic needs**.[9]  For the purposes of the CRC, a child is defined as “every human being below the age of eighteen years unless under the law applicable to the child, majority is attained earlier” (article 1). 

>Key accomplishments of the CRC have been described as five-fold.  It creates new rights for children under international law that previously had not existed, such as the child’s right to preserve his or her identity (articles 7 and 8), the **rights of vulnerable children like refugees to special protection (articles 20 and 22), and indigenous children’s right to practice their culture (articles 8 and 30)**.  In some instances, this innovation takes the form of child-specific versions of existing rights, such as those in regard to freedom of expression (article 13) and the right to a fair trial (article 40).  In addition, the CRC enshrines in a global treaty rights that hitherto had only been found in case law under regional human rights treaties (e.g., children’s right to be heard in proceedings that affect them) (article 12).  The CRC also replaced non-binding recommendations with binding standards (e.g., safeguards in adoption procedures and with regard to the rights of disabled children) (articles 21 and 23).  **New obligations are imposed on States Parties in regard to the protection of children, in such areas as banning traditional practices prejudicial to children’s health and offering rehabilitative measures for victims of neglect, abuse, and exploitation** (articles 28(3) and 39).  Finally, the CRC sets forth an express ground obligating States Parties not to discriminate against children’s enjoyment of CRC rights.[10]  The right to participate in proceedings, it is argued, “together with the principles of non-discrimination in Article 2 and provision for the child’s best interests in Article 3, form the guiding principles of the Convention, which reflect the vision of respect and autonomy which the drafters wished to create for all children.”[11] 

>Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948[23]
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights contains two articles that specifically refer to children.  Article 25(2) states: “**[m]otherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance**.  All children whether born in or out of wedlock shall enjoy the same social protection.”[24]  Article 26 calls for the right to education for all, and deals both with access to and the aims of education.  Thus, education is to be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages; elementary education is to be compulsory; and education should be “**directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms**.”  Nevertheless, “[p]arents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.”

>International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 1966[25] - The Preamble to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), insofar as it recognizes the indivisibility of human rights, is applicable to children’s rights as well.  Thus, it notes that “**recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world**” and that “**these rights derive from the inherent dignity of the human person**.”[26] Specific references to children are found in articles 10 and 12.  Under article 10, “**[t]he widest possible protection and assistance should be accorded to the family, … particularly for its establishment and while it is responsible for the care and education of dependent children**” (item 1, in part).  It further stipulates that “**special measures of protection and assistance” should be taken on behalf of the young without any discrimination; that they should be protected from economic and social exploitation**; that employing them in morally or medically harmful or dangerous work or in work likely to hamper their normal development should be punishable by law; and that age limits should be set below which the paid employment of child labor is prohibited and punishable by law (item 3).  Article 12 addresses the right of all to “enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health,” to be fully realized by, among other measures, States Parties’ providing “for the reduction of the stillbirth-rate and of infant mortality and for the healthy development of the child” (item 2(a)).  The ICESCR also provides for the right of everyone to education (article 13(1)) and stipulates “primary education shall be compulsory and available free to all” (article 13(2a)).

>International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 1966 [27]
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) contains general provisions from which children are entitled to benefit as well as certain specific provisions on **safeguards for children in the administration of justice and as members of a family unit**.  Thus, article 2 obliges States Parties “to respect and to ensure to all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction” the rights recognized in the ICCPR, “without distinction of any kind;” **to adopt laws to give effect to those rights; and to provide effective remedies where there are violations**.  Article 14(1) incorporates a more specific reference to rights of the young: “any judgement rendered in a criminal case or in a suit at law shall be made public except where the interest of juvenile persons otherwise requires or the proceedings concern matrimonial disputes or the guardianship of children.”  Furthermore, criminal proceedings “should take account of [juveniles’] age and the desirability of promoting their rehabilitation” (article 14(4)) and the penal system should segregate juvenile offenders from adults and accord them treatment “appropriate to their age and legal status” (article 10(3)).[28] Like the ICESCR, the ICCPR **recognizes the family as entitled to societal and state protection (article 23(1)), and so States Parties are to respect the liberty of parents to ensure their children’s religious and moral education in conformity with their own convictions** (article 18(4)).  If a marriage is dissolved, provision must be made for the protection of any children (article 23(4)).  Article 24 of the ICCPR is specifically devoted to children.  It stipulates that “**every child shall have, without any discrimination as to race, colour, sex, language, religion, national or social origin, property or birth, the right to such measures of protection as are required by his status as a minor, on the part of his family, society and the State**.”  It further prescribes that every child must be registered immediately after birth and have a name and that every child has the right to acquire a nationality.
It is torture.

These kids will suffer years of turmoil and mental issues due to this.

Some may never fully recover.
I guess this is what happens when you depend on your immovable base and don't give a shit what other people think; you end up committing crimes against humanity because librul tears.
Well last time I checked the GOP was not disgusted by torture, or "enhanced interrogation techniques". John Bolton and Gina Haspel are part of this administration. I doubt this will make them budge.
Don't forget the drugging of children without parents consent.
Well the GOP supports torture so...
Nicki Haley's gonna be pissed!
news media should stop writing "may"...it is torture. Orange hitler is a fucking piece of shit.
This from the UN is yet another reason for the american right wing to fucking hate the UN.  They've been against it for decades.
Its pretty crazy how we've completely left the world in a 180 direction in just 1 and a half years. How long will it take to patch up what this awful administration has done to our reputation?
Republican Party of Nazi Putin
No Shit Sherlock. You’re logic sucks. Just because the US has a military that no one can fight against, doesn’t mean that the act of abusing children and putting them in camps isn’t an act of war.
Sad thing is for Trump supporters this is a badge of honour.  If these big mean institutions like the UN or EU or all of your former strongest allies are criticising you, you must be doing something right.
I think we are creating a ton of future problems. These children will grow up and still have memory of what happened. This will unhinge some of them and these kids will crop up in the news in a few years for some horrific act against the people who did this to them.
That's because these tortures are cheap,
and because USA has love China communists and their ZTE so much 
that USA would rather let China government steal 375.23 billions from USA every year than spend only half a million to protect thousands of
 children, as seen in "China government has legally stolen 375.23 billions from USA in a single year......"
Trump isn't above committing crimes against humanity, and I'm not talking about the card game.
R2P WHEN
Heck, forget torture.  Doesn't ripping children from their parents constitute cruel and unusual punishment?  Doesn't the 8th Amendment supposedly prohibit that?
What about the fact that they are literally torturing some of these children?
No wonder the United States removed itself from the Human Rights council.

I can only imagine what other terrible, awful things we have coming our way following the storm brewing from that departure.
If the world wants to fight back against Trump, they need to seize all of his foreign assets and impose economic sanctions on all Trump owned businesses. That will get his attention real quick.
“May”?? It is torture.
Which is probably why Nicky Haley pulled US out of Human rights council at the UN.  I have a feeling it is going to get a lot worse than it will get better.
Just wait til he starts talking about pulling out of the UN...
Is this petty mother fucker going to pull us out of the U.N.?
It’s literally emotional torture.
[deleted]
UN doesn't help itself giving stupid statements like this. Every government around the world will separate children from parents if the parents are bad parents or get arrested. Presumably that isn't torture
Fact: No one saves more lives on the Southern border than ICE.
Does anybody think the U.N. would be saying this if the US didn’t just drop out of the human rights group?
"May"?

The UN is toothless against other nations, what makes them think they can take down Trump? Or what they say will sway and affect him in any manner? 

Our own government hasn't done shit to stop him. 

These declarations of outrage and finger wagging are useless - other than bringing delight and glee to Rightzies in the US.
[Nationwide protests are scheduled June 30th. Do not forget the anger and disgust you feel right now. Organize and let your voice be heard on June 30th. The world watches with horror, decent Americans must stand up to this monstrosity.](https://www.familiesbelongtogether.org/)
Ah yes, the true reason Trump left the UN Human Rights Commission.
Trump's child cages, brutal deportations and murder-by-inaction in Puerto Rico are all part of a calculated war against brown people. We have a genocide underway, with thousands of deaths already accrued.
The UN can't do SHIT. Look at their budget, guess who pays the most into it. Don't get me wrong, Trump's a fucking fuck but even I know the UN at most can bark. No bite.
From world leader to parahia. Sigh.
Nice try leftist shills.

Guess what happens when you commit a crime and go to jail! You are separated from your kids because kids cannot go to jail!

Oh no! How can it be! It's torture! Kids should be allowed in jails!
and now that Trump signed an EO to keep parents and kids together, the left is threatening to sue because it's "inhumane" to lock the kids up with their parents.

Why can't y'all just admit that you don't give a shit about the kids but the real intent is to force an open border policy instead of enforcing immigration laws. 

BTW...those kids were dragged across desert, abused and even sold in their trip to the US. What their parents (or in many cases, the adults who claimed they are their parents but simply grabbed the kids to use to try and use the loopholes to get in) did is the real torture.
Can't the kids follow their parents home?
Whew....thank God we left that council /s
Does this mean that Bush and Obama will be punished as well?
How about the war on drugs seperating families? Can anyone please care about American citizens?
So they don't give a shit when we actually torture or bomb countries that didn't attack us, but once an Obama era policy becomes big news everyone shits their pants because Trump=Hitler.

I'm not a Trump fan and I don't agree with this policy, but comparing it to torture, especially when the U.S. actually practices torture, is stupid and sensationalist.

Gina Haspel was recently approved to the the director of the CIA. In 2002 she was the chief of a CIA "black site" in Thailand, where they tortured detainees. She also participated in the destruction of 92 "interrogation" tapes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gina_Haspel#Torture_and_destruction_of_evidence_controversy

Nobody in the media or at the U.N. apparently gives a crap that that monster now runs the CIA, they're all talking about Russia and Stormy Daniels and either don't notice or care about the real bad apples in the trump administration.
Stop comparing Trump to Hitler, Trump is a alot worse.
Canada has also separated children from parents, [though on a smaller scale.](http://www.newsweek.com/canada-detains-migrants-separates-children-justin-trudeau-donald-trump-989698) Shouldn't the condemnation be spread around?
So it’s also torture to arrest an American parent for committing a crime while in the presence of their kid and taking the kid to safe place while their criminal parent is processed? I also find it strange the left all of a sudden likes kids but takes pride in aborting them, almost as if they are using them as pawns....
But said nothing when traitor o was doing the same shit.
This is how you hurt them. "Magnitsky" our corrupted politicians!
With how dysfunctional this admin is, I could almost see sanctions against the US passing the UN.  It doesn’t seem that far fetched that Trump would demand the US pull the “We think this is such a waste of time that we won’t even veto” card to have it backfire.
We have a tv show called Zembla, that has done some great investigations on trump his businesses ,https://zembla.bnnvara.nl/nieuws/trump-business-partner-accused-of-involvement-in-dutch-based-money-laundering-scheme
42% seems pretty high. Who are these 42% who think he's just killing it?
That would be fucking beautiful. It'd never happen of course, but if it did it would make me feel a hell of a lot better about the state of the world...
Yes, please.
> Trump has a 42% to 45% approval rating

This is really confusing, who are these people and what are they approving of?
A menagerie of oligarch swamp creatures, if you will.
The US is already pushing sanctions on itself by starting a trade war with everyone.
Its approval rating post NK-summit, still need to see if the immigrant crisis will bring it down since he was flip-floping and his base mad for caving in with liberulhs.
If the UN sanctioned us, his approval rating would go up. I'm personally not a fan of Trump, but I hate the idea of our country being beholden to other countries when those other countries have more authoritarianism/less capitalism, more human rights abuses, etc. It's like Iran and Syria getting together to tell us how bad we are; who the fuck cares what they think?

And if I'm thinking this way, you know actual Trump supporters would go even further, to the point of calling it a win if they sanction us.
 it's good  to see the term "baby cagers" being used by so many people, it's important to hold these people accountable for the human rights violations committed in our name with our tax dollars.  I'm hoping it sticks and eventually shortend  to "cagers" for the long term.
The sad thing is, you're actually advocating for child trafficking without even knowing it.  It's the reason for the policy change.  Personally, I'd rather a child/parent connection be established, rather than just letting a kid go with Pedro the Pedo under the previous catch and release policy.
Vatican says abortion is murder.
Gonna start with Obama then?
[It's a crime against humanity per international definitions.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crimes_against_humanity)

Article 7 of the treaty stated that:

For the purpose of this Statute, "crime against humanity" means any of the following acts when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack:[43]

(a) Murder;
(b) Extermination;
(c) Enslavement;
(d) Deportation or forcible transfer of population;
(e) Imprisonment or other severe deprivation of physical liberty in violation of fundamental rules of international law;
(f) Torture;
(g) Rape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced pregnancy, enforced sterilization, or any other form of sexual violence of comparable gravity;
(h) Persecution against any identifiable group or collectivity on political, racial, national, ethnic, cultural, religious, gender as defined in paragraph 3, or other grounds that are universally recognized as impermissible under international law, in connection with any act referred to in this paragraph or any crime within the jurisdiction of the Court;
(i) Enforced disappearance of persons;
(j) The crime of apartheid;
(k) Other inhumane acts of a similar character intentionally causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or to mental or physical health;

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture

Article 1

1. For the purposes of this Convention, the term "torture" means any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions. 

Article 4

Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture. 2. Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature. 

Impeachment, is *REQUIRED* by treaty.
No doubt about it. This absolutely was torture. From the perspective of a toddler, this experience has been devastating and many will never recover. Trump destroyed 2000 little lives, and the cruelty was absolutely intentional. He sacrificed those kids for political gain and his own sadistic pleasure. The man is a psychopath, pure evil.
I was in a juvenille detention center for juvenille deliquents during a period where the detention center was over populated.

More than 40 of us slept on prison mats on a gym floor.  The heirarchy of who slept in the gym and who didn't was based on who got processed first.  Did you arrive later than others?  You were in the gym until a cell opened up.

The conditions I lived under during that time were better than the current ICE facilities, and I was a teenager that commited a crime; not a child refugee seeking asylum.
All this is before we look at the actual abuse suffered by children - hooding them, stripping them naked, sexual abuse.  

We're going full Abu Ghraib+Gitmo on kids.  

Great job Republicans. White Jesus is proud.
It's despicable, so ashamed to be an american. Not that I had anything to do with it, or I had any choice to be born here.
Exactly. And the fact that Donsld Trump has kids makes it first. No empathy or compassion whatsoever.
And when the International community do something about it?
Yes. I keep thinking of the most scary moments in my life. All I want at those times is to call my mom. And I’m 41. When I think of my son, 7, being somewhere where nobody speaks our language and he’s not given info about what happened to me, how long until we see one another, nor allowed to call me, it makes me almost crazy.
Jesus. Where the hell are the prolife people now?
It should be noted that the report is based on over 30,000 pages of documents dated between 2009 and 2014.

Not that it changes anything. Its still disgusting and inhumane.
It is child abuse. Trump is abusing children to push a white nationalist agenda and score points with his base. It's fucking evil.
Trump's policies are basically *creating* future gang members and broken people.
I absolutely agree that this is torture and child abuse. And these children will be scarred by their experiences. 

At the same time, we should recognize that the children of the Holocaust had very low rates of incarceration as adults. They were and are, for the overwhelming part, law abiding citizens. Many went on to lead highly productive lives. 

So I have hope for the children.
They’re going to be seeking revenge when they get older.
>Psychologists are already saying that the children separated from their parents and sent to the concentration camps may be "scarred" for life and may grow up to be criminals: 

Creating the next group of criminals to ensure more ranting to scare old white people to stay in power.

Republican party making sure they stay relevant and maintain their electoral viability by committing massive human rights violations!
At which point those kids become violent criminals, and then the right says "See? They're all violent ~~criminals~~ animals so we were right to put them in cages."
I wonder if living in a place they need to seek asylum from in the first place affects their psychological health
So if these psychologists are right why didn't Holocaust survivors grow up to be criminals? What a totally weird exception if they went through so much worse.
We've been committing crimes against humanity for the past 60 years or so. This is nothing new. It's NOT OKAY that it's happening, but it's not new.
Yeah, I thought it was over after Obama’s drone strikes on villages I the Middle East.
And that's just the shit we know about. I'm sure an actual investigation would yield much more grim results.
Yes, they will have all of those 'issues' but can they still provide labor for us? /s
"At what point do NATO air strikes get pointed at America under the auspices of R2P?"

-Muammar Gaddafi's Violated Corpse
Get called out
Play victim 
Leave UN 
Cry America first, we don't need any of you. 
Racial tension and violence grows 

Hope it doesn't come to that. But it will leave America scarred deeply. Also don't think the supporters realize how much this would hurt them.
Are you claiming the only way to comply with the 8th amendment is to jail the children of criminals with their parents?
I don’t know the Mexican constitution (or if the cartel allows them to even have one), but is there a clause addressing this? Because the American constitution only applies to American citizens.
Fake news.  Trump has not and will not mention Michael Avenatti's name on Twitter.  We can only guess as to why that's the case, but the fact that he won't do it is very telling of something.
Don’t forget the fact that most of those middle eastern and African countries have homosexuality and apostasy (quitting Islam) as capital offenses punishable by death.
Ah, yes, whataboutism.
None of that is an excuse for Trump's child abuse, nor does any of it invalidate the truth of their statement now.
Maybe being born Jewish was the last straw for his racist ass.
>  I don't agree with the United States' decision to leave the UNHRC, but using such strong language is specifically because of that act. It's not unwarranted, but these two things are connected and it's important to remember that even the Human Rights Council has an agenda.

The way I look at it, if the Trump administration was competent enough to defend their position, then they would have retained their seat on the council, and fought the language as it was being drafted. The US would have voted against the statement, of course, but the language would have been mitigated.

But since the US left the HRC, now the remaining members were free to use the strongest possible terms. Nobody was left on the council to defend our actions. Which should be expected, because they are indefensible.

Republicans in this country like to talk about America's leadership in the world as if it were our birthright. But that position came as a result of a lot of hard work, diplomacy, and at times defending that diplomacy with military action. The rest of the world didn't follow us because they wanted to serve our interests, it's because their interests were better served with us than against us. Trump's administration doesn't get this. When other countries don't automatically fall in line, they assume that it's because of some nefarious anti-american agenda. When in reality, it's America who is driving our allies away right now, by doing indefensible things.
**"Anything you can do** [to abuse human rights[, **we can do better"**
War against who exactly?

Please don't perpetuate this odd use of "War on X" for everything.

No matter how bad this is, it is not "an act of war".
Lol

And who is going to “declare war” on the most powerful country on earth that also possesses the largest and most advanced military in history?

Germany? France? The UK? The UN? 

Their combined military forces don’t even make up 1/3 of our standing military force. It would be a very short and bloody war that would not be in their favor.
But the 13th allows them to do pretty much anything to a 'criminal'. That's why they insist on calling it 'illegal immigration'. Once you are known to have broken a law, your constitutional rights are invalid.
Do you know who is on that council? Just out of curiosity.
Yea! Those damn kids crossing the borders illegally! I'm sure they had a lot of say in it! Lock them up for life!
When someone who commits a crime is sent to jail are their kids also locked up in a seperate jail indefinately [while a 4 year old girl has to rely on strangers in order to be changed](http://uk.businessinsider.com/immigration-children-diapers-2018-6?r=US&IR=T)?
I think you're forgetting the part where the children get to still visit and have contact with their parent and families. Where the parent still knows their child is alive and well.

We may be leftist "shills", but it's not our fault that "leftist views" align with reality and morality. Maybe you should take a lunch and get spoon fed some more racist propaganda from Fox "News".
These people have a right to due process. Pretending otherwise is not an excuse for Trump's child abuse.
Shit I jay walk every day to get my mail   my street technically isn't just a small street but due to other expansions its been dead for years.. Should I go to prison for knowingly breaking the law?
Well Trump should probably uphold  asylum laws as well given that it's not illegal to cross the border then seek asylum. 

Also not in many cases, what percentage of illegals and asylum seekers at the border are traffickers with fake kids? Do you even know? Because I do (based on 2018 projections).
Yes the drug war separates families, but what happens to an American citizen's child when they are arrested is not remotely as terrifying as what is happening to these children.

I was removed from my mother's home at age 12 and can assure you that it was traumatic. I can also assure you that what I went went through truly was a summer camp compared to the images I have seen of those border camps.
Dude people hate the war on drugs, to the point states are defying federal law and legalizing marijuana. It's just that we're taking steps and it's decentralized and has been semi normalized so the protests arent the same.
https://youtu.be/p7k_H0mlOp0

Remember Occupy? A huge chunk of it was anti war, but hey revisionist history is the best way to go manipulate the masses.
> once an Obama era policy

Come on man. This shit is so transparent. The policy of seperating families was enacted by Jeff Sessions in May of 2018. This is not an Obama policy.
No. He's not. Trump is horrible and has fantasies of being a dictator, but lets not minimize Hitler for fucks sake.
I truly hope this is a poor attempt at sarcasm.
How about you go play a nice game of Whatabout-go-fuck-yourself?
Floridaski comrade
"Buh-buh-buh what about Canada?"

Get fucked.
So if a cop breaks protocol and kidnaps a person's kid, that is definitely bad. It would make local news, shock people, and we'd want him punished. But it wouldn't be a major issue to people and most would never hear of it, since as bad as it is, it is only one person affected. I would say many people are cognizant of scale of an issue, as well as the separations having varying degrees of cruelty (taking a kid from abusive and harmful parents, if they can be properly cared for, is an acceptable concept). That's why no one is fooled by the Obama era comparisons either.

(I acknowledge you're not linking to a single case, just making the point that scale matters)
Did you read the article?  151 children, normally kept with their mother, due to the best interest of the child. We don’t know why the children were removed from their fathers but it wasn’t as a deterrent as Stephen Miller planned.  

151 children.  How many has the US in custody?  Who does that benefit?  Not the children.  It isn’t slowing down economic or asylum seeking migrants.  And citizens are paying for these elaborate tent cities, the staff, the food, the cots, the tents.    

Ask yourself this question.  Who is benefiting from this policy?
Did the crime fit the punishment? If I'm arrested and sent to prison for jay walking on an empty street in a neighborhood or having a broken tail light and my kids are sent to a over filled inadequate facility it definitely could be.
>So it’s


No.
Obama never split up families. That is the key distinction here that people like you are conveniently ignoring.
Yup. As a Canadian I'm hoping Trudeau realizes that dollar for dollar tariffs is the expected result, so none will bring Trump to the table (unless lobbyists manage to). Target Trump and his cronies specifically with sanctions, and get the EU and China on board with them too. This isn't a nation waging a trade war against the world, its a single man and his administration. Cut him off from his phony wealth and watch him cry like the whiney bitch he is. It would crush his psyche having the very thing he's tied his identity to publicly cut off from him like that in front of the world.
This would work..  make it so they can't spend a cent overseas, and they will lose their fucking minds.
Then Trump backs out of the UN too and we end up completely powerless internationally beyond our ballooning military budget. Yay.
> if the UN sanctioned US

Of course that will be the narrative.  But if they targeted Trump specifically, it opens up two easily understood counterpoints.

1) I'm not affected.  The United States isn't affected.  The sanctions are aimed at baby snatching monsters, not our industry or people.

2) The POTUS is supposed to be divested for exactly this reason.  This is yet another problem (on top of the humanitarian issue) he created.
Why would you want the "baby" taken out, that's the best part.
“Baby cagers” is so much more powerful than just “cagers”.

I cage my dog. I shelter my children. Because they are children and not dogs.
"Cagers" is already in wide use in the motorcycling, biking, pedestrian world to describe someone who drives a car. Yes, not huge in vernacular, but just pointing it out. 

"Baby Cagers" seems way more impactful
Agreed.
Not to suggest that there's any overlap or anything, but 'cagers' is already used by bike messengers to refer to people who drive cars.
Oh, you think baby cages are cheaper than DNA tests? In that case, you’re still a fucking baby cager! Release the babies!
Oh, does it? In that case, you're still fucking baby cagers! Release the babies!
Oh, you think Obama was also a baby cager? In that case, you're still baby caging fucks!
Is this a document the US actually signed though? We never did the declaration of human rights that Roosevelt's wife freaking wrote
So we're going to be leaving the U.N. soon you say?

Looks like that alliance with Russia just inched closer...
Unfortunately for us, I think it would fail in court. The prosecution would have to show it was a systematic attack. Duke Law has a really great writeup on it you can read: [https://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?httpsredir=1&article=1219&context=djcil](https://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?httpsredir=1&article=1219&context=djcil)

I think as a matter of principle they should definitely pursue action whether or not the case fails to hold merit. We also don't have all the facts as of yet. People are claiming to being hooded, stripped, etc. Without(to my knowledge) a single shred of proof and only testimony as evidence. The best bet is to not rush it and proper due diligence to make sure that when you bring the case you win. Otherwise we're in a situation where we will probably settle for less a la Jamie Foxx in "law abiding citizen". I personally don't believe that "some justice is better than no justice".
nobody gonna do shit :/ didn't we just pull out of the UN human rights council again recently?
>  It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.

Can someone explain to me why this doesn't nullify... basically everything that precedes it? What are the limits of legalising torture as a lawful sanction? Would the trump admin be able to say, 'it arises from lawful prosecution of illegal border crossings' and be gucci? When lawfulness is brought up in this sort of situation it really highlights how arbitrary lawfulness is and how there's a huge gap between it and morality.
Unfortunately though the US ~~was 1 of the 7 countries that didn't sign~~ withdrew from* the [Roman Statute of the ICC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rome_Statute_of_the_International_Criminal_Court). This sucks because (h) makes the offenses of the Trump admin a slam-dunk.

BUT they did sign and ratify the [UN Convention against Torture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture).
lmao good thing we blew that popstand *AMIRIGHT*?! ***MURICA***
>as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population

Enforcing laws on entry into the country by citizens of other countries does not come close to that definition.
Remember when he used the excuse of children's suffering to bomb Syria? What an asshat.
Even teenagers who commit crimes shouldn't be treated how you were treated.
What the fuck?.How is that normal behaviour in a so called democratic country?.
What is your alternative plan? 

* Jail children with their criminal parents?

* Give everyone who has a child a free pass on arrest for their crimes?

* Spend hundreds of billions on new housing and full time caregivers for the children of incarcerated criminals?

> not a child refugee seeking asylum.

You mean children who's parents claim to be seeking asylum only after they are caught illegally entering the US. Committing a crime and then claiming to be an asylum seeker when caught is not a very compelling argument.
Busy explaining how this is absolutely perfectly acceptable behavior, as it's the only means of defense against toddlers who lack basic motor skills (despite which, are undoubtedly capable of more eloquent speeches than glorious leader).
They're not fetuses so they don't care.
Cheering this shit on.
They've been gaslighted by this administration for so long they actually think this is okay.
You do know that all of these abuses happened under Obama right??

>The report is based on over 30,000 pages of documents dated between 2009 and 2014.
Trump's not only abusing children, but he's doing it in numbers that in the past would have managed to bring the country together. 9/11 claimed 2,996 lives. At last count 2500 children have been kidnapped from their families due to Trump's policies. It's truly fucked up to me that the blowback has been so tame. 

How is everyone going about their day as normal? How is anyone in America at work right now? This will only get more tragic until the moment people stop going through the motions and start hitting the streets. So long as everyone keeps showing up to work, and keeps buying products from companies who continue to rig the system, this policy of cruelty will stick and the descent into fascism will only get more blatant from here. If this isn't the line in the sand, America has just told the GOP they can have their way with the country.
Art or porn? You know which it is when you see it. This is Evil.
And that would be a reasonable response to being taken from their family and caged like animals.
60 years? More like 400
Look! A Russian or a brainwashed American using whataboutism!
You forget that the children are technically criminals as well. Of the same crime, no less. That's why we built family detention centers, to keep them together until they're deported or released.

You prefer to jail the children separately from their parents? Because either way, those children are being jailed until they're deported, that's the law.
The Constitution provides protections to non-citizens as well:

http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/mar/29/florida-immigrant-coalition/do-undocumented-immigrants-have-constitutional-rig/
> "...the American constitution only applies to American citizens."

That's not true, according to international sovereignty laws, and the 14th Amendment. Everyone inside of the territory of the United States is under the jurisdiction of the Constitution and is protected by it. While some rights don't apply to everyone, the 8th Amendment absolutely does.

Doesn't matter if they're illegal, our government is not allowed to hand down cruel and unusual punishments.
The constitution describes limits and powers of the US Government. It applies to the US Government.
Yes and no. As an illegal migrant, you obviously do not enjoy the full rights of a legal citizen.

However, everyone is entitled to constitutional protections for due process, namely because of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments protect everyone from "deprivation of life, liberty or property without due process of law".

This was set by the precedence of  Zadvydas vs. Davis (2001), where the Supreme Court ruled that "once an alien enters the country, the legal circumstance changes, for the due process clause applies to all persons within the United States."
> Because the American constitution only applies to American citizens

This is something I've never understood. I mean, I understand it legally, but I don't understand it philosophically. 

The founders claimed that all men have natural inalienable god-given rights.  The constitution just codifies those rights into a legal document. So how does the codification of the "natural rights of man" only apply to American citizens?

If I'm completely wrong in how I'm thinking about this, I'd love for someone to inform me.
Bullshit. So if I immigate legally I don't have free speech, a right to bear arms, a right to not be a slave?

And the right claims to only hate illegal immigrants.

Even so, these are children, did you expect them to be like "No mother, I cannot cross the border, we must spend thousands of dollars and wait years to immigrate like everyone else." Haow would they even know it was illegal?
Homosexuality is a capital offense in **Afghanistan**, **Saudi Arabia**, **Qatar**, **Pakistan**, parts of **Nigeria**, Brunei, Iran, Mauritania, Sudan, Yemen, and Somalia.

Apostasy is a capital offense in **Afghanistan**, Iran, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritania, **Nigeria**, **Pakistan**, **Qatar**, **Saudi Arabia**, Somalia, Sudan, **United Arab Emirates**, and Yemen.

Edit - I bolded the names of countries that currently sit on the council.
Context

>Republicans in this country like to talk about America's leadership in the world as if it were our birthright. But that position came as a result of a lot of hard work, diplomacy, and at times defending that diplomacy with military action. The rest of the world didn't follow us because they wanted to serve our interests, it's because their interests were better served with us than against us. Trump's administration doesn't get this. When other countries don't automatically fall in line, they assume that it's because of some nefarious anti-american agenda. When in reality, it's America who is driving our allies away right now, by doing indefensible things.

Couldn't agree more. My point, though, is in the world of NGOs operating in the international sphere, especially on a scale as big as the United Nations, there are non-altruistic motives driving altruistic acts. Given the timing, I think it's reasonable to be suspect of the UNHRC as well, especially given what a feckless body it typically is.
I’m not talking about war on “whatever” - war against the countries these people are migrating from. You can’t detain and abuse children no matter where they come from. It’s insanity. It’s psychological warfare.
A large chunk of our military isn't in America. It wouldn't be hard for let's say "germany" which has most of their military in Germany. Arrest all US troops in the country. The US outnumbers in total. But we lost the advantage when troops stationed around the world are separated and have no allies.
Not so much.

The 14th gaurantees "all persons" Due Process.  Neither the "illegal" part nor the "immigrant" part invalidates this.

The 8th can be viewed in a similar fashion.  The entire focus of the amendment isn't on the recepient of the unjust punishment, but the government.  The status of the recipient is irrelevant.
So whats the solution? I don't like the policy but I don't want the little kids in prison while their parents are processed and vetted. If people are coming across the border illegally we don't know who they are or where they come from, we don't know if they're criminals, drug dealers, child traffickers or any number of things. We don't know if the kids they say are theirs actually are. You also have to process claims of asylum, because people might be fleeing domestic abuse or drug violence.

And don't get me wrong, I think most of the people crossing illegally are just trying to make a better life for themselves. But you have to find out who the people coming in are for the saftey of the people already in the U.S, which you can't do if they're coming in illegally, unless they're caught and detained. 

And I don't know the best way to handle children in that situation. Maybe holding them until the parents are released is a good idea, as long as the facilities are high quality and we can be sure the kids are getting the proper care they need. But it seems like a shitty situation all round and the separation of families feels abhorrent.

Also, this was policy under Obama, so all this outrage and wild rhetoric seems very partisan to me.
it's illegal to cross into the US without documentation and approval. 

You can request asylum from the other side though. You can also stop at any of the 9 consulates or the main US embassy in Mexico and ask for refuge and start the asylum process.

You crossing the border though and THEN asking for asylum is in fact illegal. The law states you are to be detained while your asylum is processed though. In the past, we gave these people summons to come back to their hearing at a later date and most never showed up. 

What Trump is doing is enforcing EXISTING immigration laws that are on the books. It's something that previous admins didn't fully do.

and the 2018 projections are based on the previous admin's numbers which as we all know, are also guesses due to the porous border policies and the very small numbers of those who actually came back to their hearings.
If its not slowing down asylum seekers wouldn't that mean that the asylum seekers see it as a worthwhile cost for admission? Else they wouldnt be seeking asylum here, right?
I agree it's not as much but it's still a decent amount of children. Is the sheer number the real issue or the actual practice of detaining the children?
Separation after arrest is nothing new. When we arrest American adults, we often take the kids. They don't go to jail with their parents. These people are committing a crime.  This separation has been going on for years at the border.
Except, he did...
https://www.dhs.gov/news/2018/06/18/myth-vs-fact-dhs-zero-tolerance-policy
Been in practice since 2009. Sick of the fake and conveniently timed "outrage" from people like you.
I don’t disagree but I do think tariffs will work if only because Trump is starting a trade war with China, the EU, Canada and Mexico all at once.  

I think America is going to buckle very quickly.
You’re assuming it’s not worth it to China to just eat the tariffs as long a they have a US president that is ceding global power and can be easily bribed.
A metaphotmrical public castration for the world to see. I love it.
Well, they will cage others before it's over. And In the long term, years one word rolls of the tongue easier.  Maybe more likely to stick I think.
Shouldn't cage your Dog either.
Interesting.. I'd heard the term is used by biker gangs... I mean motorcycle enthusiasts.
Release them to where?
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/06/trumps-immigration-policies-highlight-obamas-missteps.html

Im glad you seem to lack any capacity for reasoning.  The “cages” were a response to another Obama failure.  Sending the kids to human traffickers.

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/did-obama-administration-children-human-traffickers/
UN Convention against torture?  

**YES.**

[Treaty is IN FORCE, Done New York December 10, 1984. Entered into force, June 26, 1987; for the United States November 20th, 1994.](https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/273494.pdf)
Yes. We also signed the 1967 expansion of the 1951 UN Refugee Convention.

That one says not to prosecute those who breach entry laws to claim asylum.
But then who will protect Israel from UN vetos?
It's really scary that in my mind this is a very real thing that could happen.

Fuck, man. I hate all of this.
o god can we forget that travesty of a movie ever happened please

Even leaving aside its fucking stupid message, it failed just on internal consistency.

"I want to show of force for the public, uniforms detectives twenty four hour shifts, put armed police officers on every corner if you have to, give shotguns to the meter maids do it. [I'd correct IMDB's transcription of this but the movie's not worth that much effort]

Let's not bother with 24/7 monitoring of his cell tho xd"
I'll try.

>lawful sanctions.

Policy is not law.

The law has no requirement to do this.  It's also why Sessions is walking back the intent part, same with the administration, and even fox news to some points.  They crossed the line with admitting intent, making the pain and suffering *intentional* not incidental. 

Obama for instance, did not implement a "policy" -- with intent to deter a civilian population via pain and suffering (child separation).

That's the difference.

Intent.
Correct.

Technically, we did sign -- but withdrew after 911 forever war started.
>as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against **any civilian population**

>It does not include pain or suffering arising **only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.** 

It wasn't a law.  It was a policy.

Uh oh.
I agree, and even more so innocent children fleeing worse abuse than I ever saw should not be subjected to worse conditions for trying to escape.

Thanks for the kind words, current events have been a whirlwind of emotions for me.  It's nice to hear a stranger share my sentiments on abuse.
Man, it are responses like this that are keeping me sane right now.

The juvenille system is flawed.  As is our justice system in general.  Sometimes, crime happens in sprees to a point that our facilities are over run.  That's when you get the over flow and people sleeping in gyms like refugees.  It is a short term solution, and if persistant leads to larger or a higher number of facilities.  For the most part, that was not the abusive part of my stay.

As for the actual abuse, it's problematic.  Predators, especially ones looking to harm the most vulnerable because of ease, flock to positions where they gain access to the vulnerable.  That is why it is such a cliche to find out about the teacher pedo.  The abusive officer.  The corrupt prison guard.

Even with a perfect background check these things would still happen, because predators prey on those less likely or even capable of alerting others.  There will always be the on paper upstanding citizen shocking us with their horror.

Just have faith in justice.  I do.  The facility I was in got shut down for a series of sexual abuse allegations that I am unaware of the outcome other than the complete dismantling of that facility.

It just takes time, and we have as much of that as fate allows us.
Racism.
Asylum seekers are not criminals.
Give them at least a cell.  Visitation rights to family if any are present.  I don't know, perhaps not treating them like an animal is a step in the right direction.

>You mean children who's parents claim to be seeking asylum only after they are caught illegally entering the US. Committing a crime and then claiming to be an asylum seeker when caught is not a very compelling argument.

Hey, if that is how you want your public record to show how you feel about child immigrants being abused, that's on you.

I disagree.  There is never a reason to deny children basic human rights.

Have a day.
Third one yes, if you're stealing them! If not, you're the criminal!
>At last count 2500 children have been kidnapped from their families due to Trump's policies. It's truly fucked up to me that the blowback has been so tame. 

While a lot of Americans have big hearts and do (or attempt to do) a lot of good around the world, the nation as a whole has long had an attitude that if it's happening to people who aren't Americans, it really doesn't matter.

This is why we make so many bitter jokes about 'collateral damage' from war in the Middle East not mattering because it's just 'brown people'.

To a lot of people, those kids are just part of an unwanted population of 'others' coming to take our stuff.
I agree with you and I haven’t had the words to describe how I feel about our new world.  I’m sickened.  You hit the nail in the head.
Is he abusing children? I thought he signed an executive order yesterday that was supposed to end this. Or am I out of the loop?
Truth. Hell, if you want to be SUPER accurate we've been fucking people over since we first landed. First thing we did when we got here was dick over the locals.
That wasn't "we".... before the USA existed as a country.
>look someone who stated a fact I don’t like!

That isn’t whataboutism. You’ll notice I didn’t excuse the current border issues, I just blatantly stated a historical fact you don’t agree with. 

I guess what you meant to say was “Look! An American engaging in Wrongthink! How dare he go against us and say our golden boy Obama wasn’t perfect!”
The issue there is that they’re children and as such are treated as minors. Minors are always separated from their parents/guardian if said guardian has committed a crime. Meaning the children are forced to wait first in processing centered where the paperwork is filled out(the images of the cages) and then they have to be sent to a holding facility where they have to wait while they’re criminal parent/guardian(who sometimes isn’t even an actual relative) is prosecuted. It’s shitty but that’s the state of it right now. I’m all for reforming it, the current illegal immigrant processing system has so many loopholes it’s practically Swiss cheese. They separate the adults and children there’s public outrage and if they try to keep them together they get sued out the ass for keeping a minor imprisoned with a criminal guardian. Just add the massive congestion if illegal immigrants onto that and the already slow process gets even slower and slower.
>You forget that the children are technically criminals as well. Of the same crime, no less.

Not all of them. Some have an avenue for legal access to the US, and some had no reasonable means of preventing an adult from dragging them along. The adult dragging the kid along in an attempt to use her/him as a get out of jail free card may actually entitle them to asylum as trafficking victims.
In most cases the Constitution clearly states when it only applies to US citizens. For example, when discussing the right to vote. In general the bill of rights places restrictions on what the government can do when interacting with any person, regardless of their citizenship.
It’s not true.  The Constitution refers specifically to “citizens” in some places, and “people”/“persons” in other places.
The you agree the blame is on the parents, not the US? As they are blatantly breaking our immigration laws and subjecting their children to unnecessary hardship.
What does that context tell us? Nothing. It doesn't change what America has done, nor does it invalidate the UNs condemnation. So, what's your endgame? How should I use this whataboutism you've brought to the table to alter my view of the topic?
I am pretty sure that this was not policy under Obama, that was your boy Sessions.
> No, this is not a clear cut case of legal/illegal. It is not illegal to cross the border when you are seeking asylum, and the US is legally obligated to consider requests for asylum according to the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol. Asylum seekers are NOT criminals but now are being treated like they broke the law. 

> From the article:

> "Detainees in the US who are charged with criminal wrongdoing have always been separated from their children; by treating all adult border crossers as criminals, Trump's administration has therefore crafted a policy that leads families to be separated at the border."

> Information on Asylum

> https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1158

> https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-asylum/asylum



────────

The current estimate of fake kids is a whopping 0.15% yes Less Than 1%, even if it's five times the estimated rate it's still less than 1% and realistically if it's higher it'll be 2 maybe 3 times the estimate, not 5. 

If you think it'll be higher than that, well that's literally wild speculation and not something you should be asserting in a conversation.
You are assuming they know about the separation.  This is a new policy.  I'm not sure these folks are on the Trump Administration's email distribution list. 


What they know is that the countries they came from are nearly certain death to their children.  Latin American Countries have some of the highest cases of femicide, and the boys are forced into choosing between rival gangs, and choosing either means death from the rival gang.  

So the Trump Administration is gonna kick them when they are down.  I suppose if their children are ripped out of their hands, they can still believe their children are alive.  But as we've learned, many of those children have been lost.  Whether they are being sold into sex slavery, trafficked out of the country, or even still alive remains a mystery.  It reminds me of Argentina's lost generation.
Detained with a parent.  With a parent.  With a parent. 

Do you think, perhaps, they separated those children because of any of the reasons we separate natural born children from their parents? Neglect? Child abuse? Sexual abuse?  That they are not actually the children’s parents?

The US  has *thousands* of children’s locked up in cages, not allowing any physical contact (which can cause significant mental illness), for no reason other than to be cruel. 

Are these two cases really comparable?
>  These people are committing a crime. 

As do I when I jaywalk. An integral part of the concept of justice is the notion of proportionality - separating families and throwing people in jail for the misdemeanor offense of crossing the border illegal is not a proportionate or moral response. Saying "it's the law!!!1" doesn't actually excuse this administration's callous, inhumane zero-tolerance policy. 

>  This separation has been going on for years at the border.

That's partially true. Kids were sometimes separated from their guardians - WHEN the guardians were suspected of something more serious than just crossing the border. For example, if they were suspected of drug trafficking - or human trafficking.  

But in a vast majority of cases, they were turned around and sent back, and the families remained intact.
DHS as a source?  Why don't we just ask the Waffen how well the Jews were treated while we're at it.
You're twisting the words of that article 100%. Families would only be broken up if DHS determined the parents to either not actually be the parents (could be human traffickers) or to be criminals. 

The distinction under Trump is that they were treating *every person* as a criminal, regardless of if they actually were. As a result, every single family was split up, leading to the catastrophe that we have now with thousands of children who's lives are destroyed. 

Before, children were being saved from either captors or criminals. Under the new law, they were being "saved" from potentially loving parents. You can't tell me you don't see the difference here.
>Myth  
Prior to April 2017, DHS never separated families arriving at the border.  
Fact  
DHS has separated families under the circumstances described above.  Because of court decisions, DHS can generally no longer hold families in detention beyond 20 days.  

Interesting that their fact doesn't say "this was done before 2017", but rather "we have done this". I wonder why.
The guy above is wrong, I agree. I still think it's absolutely ridiculous these situations are being conflated.

The intent of child separation is to keep kids safe from parents who could be out to harm them, or not be their real parents. These would not be the types of kids who would scream and beg to be back in their dad's arms while reaching towards the man they were travelling with. There is also the requirement that the facilities be equipped to handle proper care for children who have committed no crimes of their own and now have no guardian.

Trump's border policy treats even first time offenders as criminals, and by extension cuts off ALL children from parents, plus failing to document who belongs to anyone else, AND having facilities that lack the most basic human needs. No matter what you say, Obama did NOT make specific efforts to take children out of safety and into danger *at unnecessary taxpayer expense*.
American here. I don't want America to buckle. I want Trump to buckle. If the rest of the world targets Trump and the representatives who enable him, that's a win for everyone. If the rest of the world targets America as a whole, that's just making the whole ship sink faster while some of us over here are trying to bail water and patch the holes. Help a brother out.
Something something Rome collapsed after overextending itself economically and militarily while the government was extremely corrupt and not serving the citizens interests.  

Wait.
The plan with the tariffs is to hurt America.  For Putin.
Yep, no matter what the damage is from US tariffs on China, it is more than made up for with increased trade and influence with the rest of the world, particularly with South America and Africa.
There's nothing wrong with crating a dog as long as it isn't done as punishment
A lot of dogs like their cage. For many pets, it is the only part of the house that is exclusively theirs and that they can retreat to when they are sick of the family and want to be alone.


Hmmm...now I kind of want my own space in the house that is exclusively mine....
Their families!
Oh, you take issue with the term cage? In that case, you’re still a fucking baby cager! Release the babies!
Thank you!


Holy shit that's damning.
Wait, did Reagan and Bush drag their feet and then Clinton signed on 10 years later?  What a rich legacy Republicans have.
If the UN Convention Against Torture treaty was in force during the Bush 43 years (2001-2009), when the government tortured people, then I guess there are no consequences to violating the treaty?

Or have the consequences for the USA (e.g. imprisonment/impeachment of officials in the administration that created/enforced the torture policy) just been kept secret from the public?
Yeah... if anyone tells Trump about this he will just back out of it and the UN.
Trump is a terrorist along with Putin. The two should be tried at The Hague.
I don't care, do u?
>as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population

Nope. Arresting people for illegally entering the county is not an attack, it is a defense against invasion.
I didn't commit a crime, but was removed from my Mother's home and went to a juvie facility for two weeks. It wasn't as bad as your situation but it a memory so dark that I hardly ever revisit it.

Hearing people describe what those kids are going through as a "a stay at social services" and "summer camp" makes me so viscerally and uncontrollably upset that I am having to walk around my home taking deep breaths to calm down. 

I feel the need to talk with my friends and family about this, but I fear I might come unhinged if someone I know actually tries to defend this shit to my face.
I'm Dutch btw and if this would happen in my country there would be massive protests because thats not how you treat people, especially kids. Hell we are closing 4 more prisons  because we dont have enough prisoners.
>Give them at least a cell. Visitation rights to family if any are present. I don't know, perhaps not treating them like an animal is a step in the right direction.

Even if we assume that the taxpayer should eat the bill for better accommodations, they would take months to build and require congress approving the funding.
60 years ago wasn't "we" either. Might as well ignore history and wipe our hands of it
 No. I meant whataboutism. As in: you are using textbook whataboutism.
It's true this has been an issue for a while now. But the issue has been accelerated these last few weeks with zero tolerance and separation. 
We can argue about Obamas policy. But the UN wasn't threatening sanctions before. They are now. The manner of detaining has changed and blaming Obama is inaccurate, as this was Trumps policy. I'm not saying to forget about what happened. But it is a different issue, and the current president has only made it far worse.
That's why Democrats are proposing legislation to stop the government from getting sued for keeping them together. Shame Republicans can't let that go up for a vote and give the dirty Dems a win.
How many kids do you think are able to mount a solid legal claim for asylum on their own against a federal prosecutor in immigration court? Because as it's a civil infraction, they don't get access to legal counsel unless they pay for it. That's why you get 4 year olds arguing on their own behalf in court.
So your argument is "Why are you making us torture your kids?"

Speeding, embezzlement, and tax evasion are against the law. We don't kidnap people's kids for that, even if one instance of the latter two objectively cause more harm to society than an instance of illegal immigration.

The parents made the decision, but the children should not be punished for it. Plus, it's prefectly legal to seek asylum.
In addition, source for your claim that the constitution only applies to citizens and not permanent residents or green card holders?
It tells us that the moral judgments of this council are suspect, and that its condemnations are more political than principled.  Family separation is obviously wrong.  We don't need to legitimize genocide apologists, Holocaust deniers, and mass murderers to reach that conclusion.
again, based on those that do get caught or come back. Since that number is a very small percentage of who makes it in and isn't caught and doesn't come back for their hearing, it's an estimate based on a guess.

but the fact is, it doesn't matter. it should be zero %
Also you know... many of the ones seeking legal asylum committed exactly ZERO crimes, and the only correct way to apply for legal asylum is to do so in the manner they did while standing upon American soil.

>Asylum seekers and refugees can gain legal residency status in the United States if they fulfill certain requirements under immigration law. The main differences between the two forms of relief are:

- Asylum seekers are already on U.S. soil, while refugees are outside of the United States; and
- Refugees seek help from the United Nations, while asylum applicants submit their petition to the U.S. government.

But you know, Fox News was never one to let facts get in the way of reporting for morons!
Spin it any way you want. The policy has been in place and used since 2009, with the criminal offense being crossing the border illegally.
So, breaking the law no longer makes you a criminal?
Imposing harsh penalties on Germany after WWI is what led to the rise of the Third Reich. Imposing harsh penalties on the US as a whole will just give the fascists in power fuel to drive more Americans to alt-right extremism. Surgically striking Trump and the GOP as much as possible is a better option because money is all they understand.
Exactly.  What does a billionaire donor care that an iphone costs 20% more?
I agree with you *but* what Americans fail to realize is that America is actively hurting other countries, economies and people.  Then when it comes back on America there is this stunned shock that what we regularly do to others could happen to *us*.

No other country has an obligation to consider American casualties as we attack them unprovoked.
Have you considered a cage? I hear they're all the rage.
If their immediate family has entered illegally, they have to go through removal proceedings, which usually takes longer than the 20 days that a child can legally be detained, and other family members aren't always available.  If they have family in the US, that's exactly who we try to release them to, but sometimes there isn't anyone, so foster care arrangements have to be made.  I don't think you really understand the issue you're so outraged about.
To where?
They aren't too concerned whether it is damning or not. They're on step 6 of the 8 steps of genocide.

The next step is extermination. A little torture will seem paltry in comparison.
I think it's pretty clear by now that the GOP doesn't mind torturing people.
No, [Ronald Reagan signed the UN Convention against Torture in 1988](http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=35858).  Once a president signs a treaty, the role of the executive branch is completed.  The Senate must then ratify the treaty by a 2/3 majority. (Article II, Section 2) 

[The United States ratified the Convention against Torture in October 1994, and the Convention entered into force for the United States on 20 November 1994.](https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/100296.pdf)
There's a very specific reason they were called "enhanced interrogation techniques."
That's a good question.

I think it's convoluted.   It probably has to do with private contractors/mercenaries to get around it.
Daily reminder that George W. Bush is a war criminal
There aren't when the [next president refuses](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/03/obamas-legacy-of-impunity-for-torture/555578/) to fulfill his [obligations under the treaty and investigate and prosecute torture committed under US jurisdiction.](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture_and_Other_Cruel,_Inhuman_or_Degrading_Treatment_or_Punishment#Article_4)
I don't care, about protecting Israel in the UN, do u?

(Israel does, as they depend on us being there with veto power).
>Nope. Arresting people for illegally entering the county is not an attack, it is a defense against invasion.

Bzzzt.

We're beyond that.  Obama was doing it lawfully.  Trump, was not.

The intent for the policy (not law), was to cause direct pain and suffering as a deterrent.  It was not inherent or incidental to lawful sanctions.  That is the only exception.  *Only* has meaning.

There is no invasion.  We are not at war against Mexico.  It's a misdemeanor offense carrying a $10 fine.  You are apologizing for torture, crimes against humanity, concentration camps, etc.
> ***invasion!!!***

Look at this tough guy, scared to death of brown toddlers.
No one gives a fuck what you have to say. You support this, you’re a fascist.
My friends are very supportive for the most part.  I won't tell you how or what to do because for me it was basically autopilot.  Some of my friends are no longer friends as of yesterday.  Personally, I'm grateful to know who is really aware of my core beliefs, and who doesn't care at all.

As for your experience in juvie.   I understand.  The detention center was where they sent children who were accused of breaking the law.  The facility I ended up in had a spectrum of children feom petty criminals to abused to special needs kids.

I knew many that shared your experiences.  No crime and in the same rooms.  I'm sorry you saw and felt what I did too.  Talk to someone.  If it can't be a friend or family, there are people that can help that work on sliding scales.

But remember.  You aren't alone.  There are literally millions of us.
Oh man, we are long lost countrymen.  My family immigrated from Holland before this was actually a country.  Unfortunately there is no record of us leaving, but their is certainly one of us arriving here.  So officially, Holland refuses to acknowledge our heritage in regards to repatriating.  Beauracracy can be a bitch.

Yeah Europe has a very interesfing idea on rehabilitation and prison.  I've seen some documentaries on Polish prisons and while they definitely didn't look pleasant or even relaxed; they were hardly as scary than our prisons in the US.

One day we will get there.  One day.
Trump and Sessions solidified zero tolerance in April.  They knew they didn't have the facilities ready.

But hey, if that's the rationalization you make to justify abusing immigrant children by all means say it loud and proud.
Except it was.. people are alive who were doing shit 60 years ago and some are redditors
Lol, that guy.

>Whataboutism (also known as whataboutery) is a variant of the tu quoque logical fallacy that attempts to discredit an opponent's position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly refuting or disproving their argument, which is particularly associated with Soviet and Russian propaganda.

- "I fail to understand how completely ignoring the topic at hand and instead dragging up a totally separate unrelated incident as a hypocritical counter is whataboutism"

- "This is because I criticized the Democrats"

Keep watching Fox News! That's the sort of master intellect their viewership numbers depend on!
TIL: criticizing the democrats is textbook whataboutism

Ok kid. You can think that if you want
Schumer has already said he would block any legislative effort to fix this since he wants to keep the focus on Trump.

This includes Ted Cruz's proposal that would completely fix this issue.

Too bad Schumer wants to use children as political pawns to try and hurt Trump...

http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/393069-schumer-rejects-gop-proposal-to-address-border-crisis

>“Legislation is not the way to go here when it’s so easy for the president to sign it.” Asked if that meant Democrats would not support a bill backed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to keep immigrant families together while seeking asylum on the U.S. border, Schumer said they want to keep the focus on Trump.
This subreddit has turned into a hate-cult. The majority of people here will just blindly support anything that makes Trump look bad.
See: Ad hominem fallacy.
People break the law all the time without being sent to jail. Misdemeanor offenses, in particular, often involve no jail time at all.

Past administrations did not prosecute and incarcerate everyone who tried to cross the border illegally. This zero tolerance policy is a new decision made by the current administration, and the result is far more families being torn apart.
Ever jaywalked? Congratulations, you are guilty of a *misdemeanor*. Thankfully, because America's system of law has a sliding scale of penalties, **no, you are not a criminal, and neither are immigrants**. First time border crossing violations are civil penalties.

Besides, given that the northern parts of Mexico contain cities with some of the highest murder rates in the world, it is valid by international law for those affected by violence to cross any border in order to request asylum. They are not required to file ahead of time, nor might they have the luxury when cartels make just leaving one's home a danger. Asylum requests must be processed *before* civil charges are filed. So you're wrong to begin with - a vast majority of those currently crossing the border aren't even guilty of civil violations. The only criminals crossing are the ones with records of drugs or violence, and the Mexican government is more than happy to help identify those.
Billy Corgan led me to believe they were in a cage, *despite* all their rage.
Can't recommend. Despite all the rage, you're still just a rat in a cage.
Oh, their families traveled without permission? In that case, you still baby caging fucks!
Their families.
At this point I'm pretty sure most of these children will die in those concentration camps.

After being rigorously drugged, raped and tortured, of course.
Step 1: torture

Step 2: destroy the video evidence

Step 3: ???

Step 4: become the boss
Ah, so the Democrat Senate ratified it days before they lost control of the Senate to the Republicans, because they knew Republicans wouldn't ratify it.  What a rich legacy Republicans have.
Sure, but a judge doesn't let a criminal go because the criminal uses a euphemism to describe the crime.

e.g. A thief can still be convicted even if he says that he was just "repurposing capital equipment".
Call it "ice cream social" if you want, but there is a very specific reason that torture is defined in the treaty so that torturers can't weasel out by naming it something different.

The Nazis used a very similar euphamism, "Verschärfte Vernehmung."  It means "sharpened interrogation."  When [Nazi torturers were sentenced to death after the war, the Nuremberg court was equally unimpressed with their euphamisms](https://www.theatlantic.com/daily-dish/archive/2007/05/-versch-auml-rfte-vernehmung/228158/).

> [any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture_and_Other_Cruel,_Inhuman_or_Degrading_Treatment_or_Punishment#Article_1)
The current head of the CIA was a CIA officer during those years. She ran a torture site for the USA. 

If she hired a contractor to perform the actual torture, and that means the USA has no liability by the treaty, then I would say the treaty is pretty useless.
It's a good question with a very simple answer.

President Obama violated the UN Convention against torture by refusing to investigate and prosecute acts of torture committed in US jurisdiction and by US nationals under the Bush administration.

[Our obligations to the treaty are explicit in Articles 4 - 7](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture_and_Other_Cruel,_Inhuman_or_Degrading_Treatment_or_Punishment#Article_4).

> Article 4

> 1.  Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture.
> 2.   Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.

> Article 5

> 1.   Each State Party shall take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 4 in the following cases: (a) When the offences are committed in any territory under its jurisdiction or on board a ship or aircraft registered in that State; (b) When the alleged offender is a national of that State; (c) When the victim is a national of that State if that State considers it appropriate.
> 2.    Each State Party shall likewise take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over such offences in cases where the alleged offender is present in any territory under its jurisdiction and it does not extradite him pursuant to article 8 to any of the States mentioned in paragraph I of this article.
> 3.    This Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction exercised in accordance with internal law.

> Article 6

> 1.   Upon being satisfied, after an examination of information available to it, that the circumstances so warrant, any State Party in whose territory a person alleged to have committed any offence referred to in article 4 is present shall take him into custody or take other legal measures to ensure his presence. The custody and other legal measures shall be as provided in the law of that State but may be continued only for such time as is necessary to enable any criminal or extradition proceedings to be instituted.
> 2.    Such State shall immediately make a preliminary inquiry into the facts.
> 3.    Any person in custody pursuant to paragraph I of this article shall be assisted in communicating immediately with the nearest appropriate representative of the State of which he is a national, or, if he is a stateless person, with the representative of the State where he usually resides.
 > 4.   When a State, pursuant to this article, has taken a person into custody, it shall immediately notify the States referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, of the fact that such person is in custody and of the circumstances which warrant his detention. The State which makes the preliminary inquiry contemplated in paragraph 2 of this article shall promptly report its findings to the said States and shall indicate whether it intends to exercise jurisdiction.

> Article 7

> 1.    The State Party in the territory under whose jurisdiction a person alleged to have committed any offence referred to in article 4 is found shall in the cases contemplated in article 5, if it does not extradite him, submit the case to its competent authorities for the purpose of prosecution.
> 2.    These authorities shall take their decision in the same manner as in the case of any ordinary offence of a serious nature under the law of that State. In the cases referred to in article 5, paragraph 2, the standards of evidence required for prosecution and conviction shall in no way be less stringent than those which apply in the cases referred to in article 5, paragraph 1.
> 3.    Any person regarding whom proceedings are brought in connection with any of the offences referred to in article 4 shall be guaranteed fair treatment at all stages of the proceedings.
Indeed.

Daily reminder that we then let him get away with it.  
[President Obama let him get away with it.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/03/obamas-legacy-of-impunity-for-torture/555578/)
The newfound ability to hold Israel accountable for their actions would be the one silver lining if the US up and left.
hail naw
>We're beyond that. Obama was doing it lawfully. Trump, was not.

False on both counts. Obama was letting people go with notices to appear knowing full well that most of them would not ever show up. That was a direct violation of his duty to see all laws faithfully executed, and should have resulted in impeachment.

Trump has not done anything illegal in enforcing laws on entry into the US, as reinforced by your need to quote laws that clearly don't apply in order to pretend otherwise.

>There is no invasion. We are not at war against Mexico.

Invasion does not require a declaration of war.

>  It's a misdemeanor offense carrying a $10 fine.

False. 
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1325
>for the first commission of any such offense, be fined under title 18 or imprisoned not more than 6 months, or both, and, for a subsequent commission of any such offense, be fined under title 18, or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both.

Per [18 US Code 3581](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/3581) a six month maximum jail sentence makes it a class B misdemenor, and per [18 US Code 3571](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/3571) the maximum fine for a class B misdemeanor (if no one dies) is $5000.

So, the maximum penalty is 6 months and a $5,000 fine for a first offense and repeat offenses are felonies with a maximum sentence of 2 years and $250,000.

> You are apologizing for torture, crimes against humanity, concentration camps, etc.

Only if you are going to claim that all of same supposed crimes apply to removal of any child into government custody while their parents are in jail.
Trump Voters: "Toddlers they may be, but already we're intimidated by the size of their genitals".
How does calling something what it is indicate fear?
Thanks for proving what I posted to someone else in this thread.

> just like everything reddit does not like somehow = fascism.

>It gets even more pathetic when I actually attempt to discuss the definition of fascism with people and they respond with "Language evolves so fascism means whatever we want it to at the moment." without realizing that a word with a definition that changes from moment to moment ceases to have any real meaning.
Can you imagine being in something like that at 3 or 4? With the "social worker" speaking english with a heavy accent through a fence? (if you're Guatemalan, a perfect Mexican Spanish speaker will have an accent, let alone an American Spanish speaker). Imagine some guard gives you a number and tells you not to lose it if you want to find your family again? That shit would fuck up a preteen or teen, but a 4 year old?

Fuck these people.
In the government? I doubt it. Either way your point is still dumb so I'm done with this
That's about the brand new, unclean Republican bill, not the old clean Democrat one that's already gone through bipartisan talks lead by Cruz.
Trump does the work for us. We don't have to do anything.
We are discussing a condemnation issued by a council.  Seeking to understand the history, composition, and motivation of that council is hardly a logical fallacy.  

By your logic, I assume that you read editorials from the Daily Caller, Free Beacon, Fox, Breitbart, etc. with an open mind.
Most of which are being detained. 

They can’t be released to random family members, that’s already how it works with children who are citizens. It turned out to be a very bad idea and laws were written to dictate a chain of custody for children. You are arguing that those laws should be ignored because of your feelings, not reason.   

There are several cases of people reported to be the “uncle” of a girl actually being the guy who bought her from her family and not her actual family.

A large portion of these adults don’t even have proof that these kids are theirs. We decided in 1998 that we wanted to stop trafficking of children by verifying they are in fact the children of the people bringing them here.  Turned out quite a few are not with their actual parents.

What’s worse, being in a ‘cage’ or being sold into human trafficking and sex slavery?

Want to play the emotion trumps reason game? Stop pushing for children to be sold into sex slavery! You monster!
Why did it take them 6 years to ratify it after a Republican President signed it??
The UN is not a judge and the US isn't just some criminal. In the international sphere, the US is the one in charge.
Equifax hack? I think you mean "information emancipation" !!
"scrumping for TVs"
For some strange reason I've always thought that "non-mutually consensual intimate touching" had a ring to it.
Doesn't matter, the only thing that matters is domestic law on torture for legal purposes. The UN has no teeth there because we aren't signatories to the Rome Statute. So international norms matter, but the strict language does not.

And then it's the US trying to hold itself accountable, which has had only middling success.
But apparently, she didn't and was cleared.  Right?

This is public.

Fox guarding the hen house, still isn't a way around it.
No, It does not mean that.  Hiring someone else to commit your crime doesn't remove your own responsibility for the crime, not under any common law, and not under this specific treaty.

> [Article 4](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture_and_Other_Cruel,_Inhuman_or_Degrading_Treatment_or_Punishment#Article_4)

> 1. Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by **any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture.**

> 2. Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.

> [Article 5](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture_and_Other_Cruel,_Inhuman_or_Degrading_Treatment_or_Punishment#Article_5)

> 1. Each State Party shall take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 4 in the following cases: (a) **When the offences are committed in any territory under its jurisdiction or on board a ship or aircraft registered in that State;** (b) When the alleged offender is a national of that State; (c) When the victim is a national of that State if that State considers it appropriate.
Yes.

America has been broken for some time.
>False on both counts. 

How?

>Obama was letting people go with notices to appear knowing full well that most of them would not ever show up.

And you know this, how?  This is your opinion.  Show me evidence he knew.

>That was a direct violation of his duty to see all laws faithfully executed, and should have resulted in impeachment.

By not being a mind reader?  Are you honestly saying, Trump is responsible for every prison that jumps bail?  Should we just imprison everyone?  You're right.  Trump should be impeached, right now, for the guy down the street that jumped bail.

Your argument, fails.

>Invasion does not require a declaration of war.

I see.  So you're good with charging people with treason for levying war against the united states, and aiding and abetting russia, per treason requirements in the Constitution, before they declare war?

After all, this is an undeclared war (invasion) now.  Right?

>False

[Oh, I'm sorry, I should have been more clear.  Current policy is time served and a $10 fine.  My bad.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/06/21/trumps-zero-tolerance-border-prosecutions-led-time-served-and-10-fee/722237002/)

>Only if you are going to claim that all of same supposed crimes apply to removal of any child into government custody while their parents are in jail.

Naw, the intent already over the interwebs, is more than enough to prove all the above.

Here, I know.  Lets change traffic laws to be zero-offense.  Now, every infraction of traffic law, is a misdemeanor reckless driving.   This is a crime.  So we can't have your kids with you in jail, so we're gonna put your kids in government custody while you're in jail.  You may or may not get them back.  We'll send them to a concentration camp -- where they are fed, warm, and have PS4s.

We're gonna keep it this way, until I get republicans and their entire party, nation, followers, et al, support my policy to goto war with Iran.  [But don't dare call that domestic terrorism, or I'll label you fake news lugenpress.](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2331)

Sound good?

Get out of here xenophobic,  crimes against humanity, and nazi apologist.  You're not fooling anyone with your bullshit.
If you have to resort to quibbling over minutiae in definitions to try to prove you aren't a fascist, then you're a fucking fascist. 

A person who isn't a fascist doesn't have to say "well, technically, I'm not a fascist, if you'd just look at this part of the definition right here..."
Amen.
Well your original statement made no sense so grats.
Oh, are baby cages cheaper than DNA tests? In that case, you’re still baby caging fucks!
That is incorrect.  

The United Nations Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment is not simply a UN resolution.  It is a treaty that was signed by the President and ratified by the Senate.  All treaties carry the force of US law under the Constitution.

[Article VI of the Constitution](https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/articlevi) states:

> This Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and **all treaties made**, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
>
>By not being a mind reader? Are you honestly saying, Trump is responsible for every prison that jumps bail?

No. The executive cannot control what officials of the judicial branch set as bail. If he still had executive branch officials handing out notices to appear with arrest and a bond hearing, that would be on him, as it was on Obama.

>So you're good with charging people with treason for levying war against the united states, and aiding and abetting russia, per treason requirements in the Constitution, before they declare war?

Where is your evidence anyone did so?

> Oh, I'm sorry, I should have been more clear. Current policy is time served and a $10 fine. My bad.

Again, if you actually pay attention to the Constitution, Trump has no say in what a judge sentences someone to. A judge can give someone a suspended sentence with no jail time for capital murder. That does not effect how arrests for capital murder are carried out.

>Naw, the intent already over the interwebs, is more than enough to prove all the above.

So, you can't support your argument and are resorting to "A bunch of other people said the same thing." as a refuge.

>Here, I know. Lets change traffic laws to be zero-offense.

Tat sentence did not actually make sense. If you were trying to say "make every traffic law a jailable offense" that would be up to the legislature and outside the control of the executive.
>No. The executive cannot control what officials of the judicial branch set as bail. If he still had executive branch officials handing out notices to appear with arrest and a bond hearing, that would be on him, as it was on Obama.

By Obama informing people of the law? *picks his nose*. 

>Where is your evidence anyone did so?

I never said he did.  I said:  So you're good with charging people with treason for levying war against the united states, and aiding and abetting russia, per treason requirements in the Constitution, before they declare war?

It's a question.  Do you answer yes or no?

>Again, if you actually pay attention to the Constitution, Trump has no say in what a judge sentences someone to. A judge can give someone a suspended sentence with no jail time for capital murder. That does not effect how arrests for capital murder are carried out.

Meaningless strawman to my point. That wasn't my point, at all.

>So, you can't support your argument and are resorting to "A bunch of other people said the same thing." as a refuge.

He and sessions said it himself.  The intent was to deter immigrants.  Thus, torture as the mechanism for said deterrent.  A clear violation of treaty.  Hearsay don't work as a defense when the source, memo, planning, government documents, et cetera, said it themselves.

We call this admissible evidence.

Do you think a jury will agree with you?

>Tat sentence did not actually make sense

What part didn't make sense?  The analogy is clear, using your methodology.  Lets turn a misdemeanor, with traffic violations, into zero-tolerance criminality, and take your children.  We can't have criminals with you in jail, right?  This policy stays in effect, until I get you to bend to my political will.    And if you don't, you're fake news when you call my bullshit torture out.

>Tat sentence did not actually make sense

So you're admitting, If you don't understand what i'm saying, you're saying the same thing to trumps torture and crimes against humanity policy?

As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Attack ideas, not users. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
To be fair, this is part of why he's supposed to divest himself of them in the first place.
Oh, look.  The actual reason the emoluments clause exists.
Dear Red state GOP, If you want to stop tariffs, enforce the emoluments clause.
His companies are highly leveraged. A block action against them in multiple countries would force many of them into insolvency very quickly, loans elsewhere and money would dry up fast if this was seen as a possibility elsewhere. This would leave nothing but the most obvious bribes as the sole exposed money available.
Think harder than that, go for the major donors. 

https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/contributors?id=N00023864

As an aside, doesn't Cerberus Capital Management ($1,492,190) have a lot to do with immigration? 

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-dyncorp-m-a/cerberus-seeks-sale-of-u-s-defense-contractor-dyncorp-sources-idUSKCN1IP03Z

https://gefira.org/en/2017/06/05/cerberus-2-0-predicts-the-disappearance-of-the-dutch-population/

Come on please world, this isn't rocket science.
Call it the Magnitsky-Trump Act.
Please do it! Nothing matters to trump except himself, and I have a very hard time believing that even his supporters would be on board with protecting trump's personal wealth.
> And that is exactly what Europe should do: don’t sanction or impose tariffs on Minnesotan companies that share no responsibility for Trump’s policies.

Uh, no. American voters - ~~particularly voters in Red states~~ as a collective entity - *absolutely* share responsibility for having elected Trump. It is an absolutely legitimate tactic to enact policies that are generally harmful to American industry as retaliation, because we, as Americans, have shown the world that we will continue to elect utterly unqualified and morally unmoored abject idiots unless someone smacks us in our bank accounts and says "stop that; it's silly".

Edit: Minnesota is not a red state
>don’t sanction or impose tariffs on Minnesotan companies that share no responsibility for Trump’s policies. 

Nope. The American people voted him into office. They share some measure of responsibility. If tariffs get people to the polls to vote this turd out of office then so be it. On the other hand, by all means attack Trump's companies too. It just demonstrates one very good reason why the emoluments clause exists.
The problem with this plan is that Trump would use the full force of the US government to retaliate. He may not give a shart about midwest farmers getting hit by tariffs on soy beans, but target Trump Co. and you'll see US military in Europe called home, US recognition of the Russian occupation of Crimea, travel bans on Europeans - the works.

There are no limits to what Trump would do to protect his companies, and no checks or balances on what he CAN do.
Why do you think Trump is all pissy with Canada?  Toronto is in a lawsuit with Trump.  

https://globalnews.ca/news/3298300/supreme-court-toronto-trump-hotel-and-tower-lawsuit/
You take down one Trump-like leader and all you have is a vacuum for a new one. The voters need to take responsebility for their votes. They're the ones who need to hurt if we're ever gonna stop this.
>Dear Europe, if you want to stop Trump

Dear America, it’s your president. If you want us to stop him, you should try first. 

> And that is exactly what Europe should do: don’t sanction or impose tariffs on Minnesotan companies that share no responsibility for Trump’s policies. 

It’s not like Trump was born into office. People elected him. If you want him out of office, vote him out. Best way to show Trump’s economic policies towards Europe is by doing the good old return-a-roo and impose tariffs that screw with most voters. They should get what they wanted. 

Also, it’s not like Trump put tariffs on products that specifically hit that Macaron dude or May-Bae. He is hitting all of Europe. Every business, every worker. An eye for an eye, America.
No. Trump is just a symptom. If we get rid of Trump what are the chances you won't elect another moron? There is a reason why EU sanctions target very specific parts of the US.
As an European, hell no. The red state electorate is fully responsible for making Trump president. They need to take some responsibility for who you they voted for and live with the consequences. This is not nice, but that is why your vote matters.

Going after the head of state personally is petty.
>Trump can easily weather broad sanctions on the US economy. But sanctions targeting his own companies will sting in a way that he cannot ignore

#True, but it's not Trump we need to bring to his senses

It's you guys. Your electorate put this Nazi pig into office, and your electorate is the only, let me emphasize that, THE ONLY THING IN THE WORLD responsible for removing him from there.

So, here is what we will do:

We will not limit our backlash to Trumps companies, because we know that he is a moron and won't learn. We will target US industry as a whole with our tariffs. Yes, this will put people out of work in the US. Many people. It will not just "sting", it will hurt. A lot. You are looking at upwards 800.000 people losing their jobs, and those are conservative estimates. We have no idea what China will do, but we are pretty sure their response will be even harsher than ours. And other than us, your country has no social security system that can take care of them adequately.

**This will hurt you. And we are okay with that.**

Because we have spent the better part of the last 20 years yelling at you to get your shit together. Not only did you did not care to listen, you now fucked up in such an over-the-top hilarious way by electing this dipshit, its mind-blowing.

We are done yelling. Our patience with you has run out.
Why on earth would Europe just sanction an individual instead of the country? He's legally elected and still allowed to be in power by the masses despite his actions. He represents America as a whole and responses should be against the entire nation or not at all. Elected leaders are not simple scapegoats you can just leave all responsibility with at the end of the day.

Poorly documented children's concentration camps, Patriot act, destabilizing the global economy on a whim, less environmental protections, anti-science, supporting propaganda that will take lives (vaccinations/climate change), weapons in space, abandoning allies, insane incarceration rates, war on drugs, war on terror, ignoring the pleas of dying school children, increased army spending leading to a further arms race, legitimization and support of dictatorships, weapons dealings in the middle east, endless wars on foreign soil, regime toppling, spying, torture, slowing down the development of renewable power sources, resistance to net neutrality, directly encouraging xenophobia, etc.

I personally believe he's shaping up to be one of the worst things to happen to America and the next President's repairs won't mean much since America is clearly a deeply unstable system where nothing really matters in the long term. Maybe after an uninterrupted positive growth for the next 16+ years. Nothing the American government says can be trusted anymore. But let's not pretend he's just some abnormal rogue agent here. Remember, he was legally elected. Trump is America's official voice.

I honestly haven't been given any reason to believe he won't be re-elected either. I've come to realize that I need to stop standing up for Americans if they can't stand up for themselves or the planet they are influencing.

The damage is done, and it's only getting worse. Even if he's neutered in the midterm elections then you're still not getting anything positive done. You're just doing damage control while feeding his persecution complex which will lead to an even deeper rift. You think Fox News is obnoxious now?

It's impossible to tell the difference if you're discussing with a troll or a Trump supporter so what's even the point? I'm signing off from participating in this cluster-fuck for my own physical and mental health. I need to focus on things I can actually change in my own life and try to live better before it's too late. My life is too hard at the moment to be able to help you. I will protest his presence in London because that's sending a message to the UK government, but I can't spend my life fighting if the people who actually can do something about it don't.

You're on your own. I'm out. Trump wins.
Sorry guys, but you elected him, or didn't fight hard enough to prevent his election. I know there are some Americans who did everything they could, or didn't realise things could ever get this bad. It's unfair that there will be price rises and job losses - and it won't be the rich who suffer. This isn't something we want - but it's the only appropriate response.

Of course, to a lesser extent there will be negative consequences in our countries. We'll just have to suck that up too. Trump is fucking us all, he's just fucking you guys harder. Please don't forget who is the cause of all this shit when he starts blaming European tariffs for the unemployment spike.
Maybe Europe is thinking, “Clean up your own mess, Americans.”
Panama dragged his goons out of his former hotel.
Scotland should put up a travelban on Orange people.
A sitting US Congressperson is calling on other countries to hurt the president financially. What a time to be alive.
Dear USA, if you want to stop Trump, don't vote for him
Europe still seems hesitant to equate "Trump" with "US government"... They shouldn't be.
“If you want stop Trump” 
English 100
>Like most dictators, Trump can easily weather broad sanctions on the US economy. But sanctions targeting his own companies and wealth will sting in a way that he cannot ignore.<

Yes, sanctions should target American oligarchs and elites like the Magnitsky Act targets their counterparts in Russia.
No, sanction America. 

When we don’t like other regimes, we punish the entire country, not just their leaders. 

You think everybody in Russia likes their leadership? Iran? North Korea?

You own this, America. All of you.
As an American... yes please!
Sanction Trump, sanction GOP funders that are backing these policies and more importantly sanction Russia for screwing around in US/EU elections and social environments.
Why should they? 60 million Americans voted for Trump, and believe it or not Trump himself and (even worse) the Republican Party still has wide support among likely voters. If Kim Jong Un does something crazy, does the US punish him specifically or North Korea as a whole? When Iran does it? Was Saddam Hussein punished or all of Iraq? Seems like "both" is the answer in every case, and I don't know why the EU or any other country for that matter would be in the mood to handle US citizens with kid gloves and target only Trump. Targeted tariffs are one thing, but as we move into "trade war" territory realize that the purpose of economic sanctions is to motivate the populace to do something. It's not the EU's job to look out for democrats or blue staters or anything else: their job is to represent their economic bloc with maximum efficacy, and our job as American citizens is to elect people to represent us well, and as case may be, recall people who can't.
Trump and kushner. Any and all properties.
They really should just seize all his property and business on their soil.
You mean like we did with the Russians? 0.0
How can Europe sanction hotels and casinos? Trump is financed by Russia.
If the EU really wanted to end run around America they would invest in South America thereby securing future trading partners while depriving America of their much maligned worker underclass.
They are operating under the false impression that a leader must care about his people and doesn't want to see them hurt. Trump does NOT CARE if sanctions hurt the American economy. He makes up lies about it anyway. The ONLY way to get through to him is to attack his businesses. The American people did not want tariffs, or any of the other stupid shit Trump has done. They don't deserve to suffer from the world leaders because of it.
UK can take his golf course in Scotland
Well, this is the one and only plus to Trump not divesting himself of shit he should have.

You *can* target him specifically. Interesting.
I strongly disagree. This is on the entire republican party and all its voters.
This is how Eliot Ness took down Al Capone (I know everyone thinks it was taxes, but that was endgame). Capone had bought off too many judges and too many politicians and too many cops to make any frontal assault on his operation possible. Ness focused instead on shutting down Capone’s income. Every liquor warehouse that was shut down took money out of Capone’s pocket. Ness knew he was getting somewhere when his team heard capone’s Men talking about re-using beer barrels to save money.

Get Trump the same way. Turn every one of his hotels and golf courses into a money pit.
Dear Europe,

Maybe you could find the missing pee tapes?  You would be greatly rewarded by our press.
They should not only go after Trump's own businesses but the businesses own/run by his allies - if you're associated with Trump in anyway then there needs to be consequences.
Lol no
But don't worry, Trump colluded with Russians against American interests. This, however, is deeply patriotic because it is very patriotic to want our President to fail.
People also need to sanction or boycott the companies of his donors and supporters, this is the only place they have feelings left, their wallets!
Joke's on Europe; failed companies is what Trump does best.
It is not the job of Europe to get involved in American politics. The different between Europe and China and Russia is that we do not treat trump like an individual and we do not bribe foreign leaders. The US is a well functioning democracy and its the American people who put trump in office. Sanctioning his companies is short sighted and will not stop the trump movement, only make it more hateful towards Europe
Wouldn’t that be a foreign body interfering in our election process?
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/jun/22/europe-trump-sanction-companies?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> To stop Trump and protect its interests, Europe should sanction Trump himself instead. Since taking office, Trump has systematically undermined Europe while damaging the US national interest.

> While Europe tried to salvage the Iran nuclear deal - an arms control agreement that made the world safer - Trump strung Europe along for months, misleading European partners that a compromise on the nuclear deal could be found when he had already made his decision months prior to kill the hard-fought agreement.

> Most recently, Trump directed the Commerce Department to resolve its issues with sanctioned Chinese telecommunications company ZTE just two days after China floated a $500m loan to developers working on a Trump project.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/8t0sxr/dear_europe_if_you_want_stop_trump_sanction_his/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~329616 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **Europe**^#2 **sanction**^#3 **company**^#4 **European**^#5
Dear American, if you want to stop Trump inpeach him already.
"Dear USA, we didn't put him in power. You did"
Why is this in /r/politics? Is it just because you want to be 100&#37; biased against the President (Trump)
While a part of me thinks this is a good idea, I am fairly certain Trump would lose his damn mind and him and the collective propaganda arms around him would do everything they could to paint this as war on us or some crazy shit.
please!!! catch the russians laundering money thru potus's properties... fuck trump and send his stupid family to jail.
That's not gonna do anything :/
That's how you get nuked
If I wanted to sanction the GOP from my liquor cabinet, what’s a good bourbon I could get that isn’t from Kentucky?
Why not? They have nothing to lose at this point.
Dear Keith Ellison, Trumps companies are hardly significant in Europe. Any sanction would likely annoy him but has no effect on the EU-US-trade.  
And since you are from Minnesota, you should get your own shit together to stop Trump.
I want stop Trump bad. Want stop Trump real bad. Trump bad.
I was under the impression that Trump didn't really have as many companies as he advertised. He pretty much just lent his name and got a fee, am I wrong about that? And if not, how will that do any difference, especially when we can't even act when refugee children's are being harmed the way news have broadcasted?
Dear Americans

If you want to stop Trump, vote 456.
Respond to every tariff with a sanction instead of just another tariff. Alternatively, tariff the businessmen who back him instead of something more general. Even better, reduce tariffs on products made by people who hate him. "We have a large tariff on red baseball caps, and no tariff at all on fluffy pink hats."
I downvoted yesterday for suggesting this... but it seems logical, hell, you start hitting his wallet and he’d probably just resign.
Pretty sure he'd actually declare war if they did this...
Dear European Union, Canada, and Mexico,

Would it be awkward if we ask you enact harsh economic sanctions against our president? He’s about as bad as Putin. We won’t hold it against you. In fact, we’d probably declare a national holiday if you did.

Sincerely

Roughly 60% of the United States’ Citizens

PS: still do the trade war tariffs, though. That needs to happen.
Oh please world, sanction our President!
You mean the companies he is not supposed to be able to own while he is president?
Dear US, we don't give a shit about Trump, we only care about how it affects our economy. You elected him, you deal with it.
This is how you get Trump to nuke Europe.
Can’t stop the Trump. It won’t work. Trump is trolling you guys.
Lol @ this subreddit colluding with foreign powers to undermine the President.
I wonder if /politics is biased toward a certain political party?

Hmm.. 

Hard to tell
Worldwide shunning of trump branded properties. Most will drop his name if the pressure is high. See panama. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/05/world/americas/panama-hotel-trump.html
Trump wants to put America back into an isolationist, nationalist bubble.  So, help him out.  Every Trump property outside of the US ought to be seized by the government of the nation in which they lie, and those assets put to work for the people of those countries.

Just start systematically dismantling his sources of income and wealth, and those that are depending on his influence will put pressure on him to deliver while he's still able to.

The faux outrage from Europe is so infuriating.  "He's a mean guy and he's damaging our relationships... But we won't take any material steps to actually punish him.  We'll punish people in states that supported him (nevermind the fact that over 1/3 of the people in those states will suffer despite no wrongdoing), but actually seizing his assets?  Let's be reasonable."

If you're going to oppose Trump, actually do it.  Stop giving lip service.
You people are actively rooting for other countries to tariff and sanction america... what's wrong with you people??
“Americans would see that is Trump risking the broader US economy just to protect his own wealth.”

Unfortunately, no they wouldn’t... He’d spin this as more evidence of “deep state/witch hunt;” Fox would support this narrative, & the status quo would continue... Americans have to feel the consequences in their everyday lives so enough of Trump’s sheeple would defect...
Dear America, we don't want to stop Trump. We wish we had someone like Trump to keep the African invaders out the same way he keeps Mexicans out of the US. Thank you.
Jesus, what happened to this sub?  I used to come here much more often before the last election, but Trump really drove a lot of you off of the deep end.
This thread is both comical and sad.  Just pathetic how some of you "Americans" here would like to not only see Trump fail, but are willing to see America fail, if it means sticking it to Trump.  Luckily, outside of the Liberal haven that is reddit, most people don't share your sentiment.  So while you hurry to get one last anti-American post in before going to that barista job, realize you are going to have 6+ more years of this guy in office.....that's a lot of tears yet for you to shed.
We don't want to stop Trump, we want to stop sanctions. 

Also, I don't know the legality of sanctioning specific companies rather than products when those companies are not the ones being punished.
I'd say hit the red states who elected him AND his companies. Europe knows how to play this game and already showed us with Bush, we shit a lot on the EU but they know how to hit back very well.
How does that logic work? Trump is representing the US, he was voted in, wether you like it or not. If we're going to sanction anything, it should be on the US, right? Trumps companies would automatically fall under that. We don't only sanction Kim Jong Un either.  
Makes no sense to me. All you're doing is giving him fuel for his "everyone that isn't me hates me" narrative.
“Please ruin America if it means Donald Trump looks bad” -Democrats
Dear USA,

We thank you for your suggestion. We have discussed this and have a better suggestion for you.

Instead of asking us for help, go outside and start protesting.

If, on top of everything else, the child seperation crisis is not enough for you to protest nothing will.

So we advise you to get your faces out of your phone and computer screens and protest, strike.

We have learned that fascism comes slowly and with baby steps. We know a democracy dies with a loud cheer.

So consider yourself in this point in time. What are you? A keyboard warrior that brings your country to the grave while tweeting outrage? 

Or will you conclude that enough is enough and hit the streets?

Our advise: organise while you still can. Don't believe that totalitarianism can't happen. Wake up. It is happening. Right now. 

Be brave. Act. You are not alone.

Sincerely,

Europe
Keith Ellison has a solid point here.
Don't forget get his family and friends!
Holy shit this is smart.  Applying sanctions to those who loan his organization money is the best way though.  He's not worth it to all those countries and everyone knows American companies don't loan him anything because he's too big of a risk. 

Yep, that will stop the nonsense immediately.
Please make it personal for him. Show his dumbass family why every other president was smart enough to divest. Run them into the ground.
No.

We're well past that point. We'll not order holidays to the US, not buy your products and look elsewhere for arms purchases instead.
Sanction them hard. Hell, sanction whatever you need to so this trash feels the burn.

Sincerely,

An american.
**To all countries the world over, please help us here in America.**

The GOP has taken control of our government and are in full support of their INSANE leader Trump.

We need you to sanction all Trump businesses and we need you to inflict such high tariffs that the GOP is forced to act against this mad man.
Isn’t the Guardian owned by a Russian oligarch with close ties to Putin? Isn’t this paper asking for a boycott of trump companies more collusion than we’ve uncovered yet in the Trump investigation?
And hit him where it would really hurt... sanction Russia for the attack on our country which got him elected.
“*To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.*” President Theodore Roosevelt
Like most dictators, Trump can easily weather broad sanctions on the US economy.  - Im sorry, but Trump is not a dictator. You cannot be one unless there is still democracy, check and balance.
So where can I buy Trump stuff here, I want to support him as much as I can.
Stop him from what?
You’re advertising for literal fascism because it suits your agenda you dumb fucks. Trump 2020
I can't imagine any country would be crazy enough to try this. It would lead to a raging shitstorm the likes of which we've never seen in American political history. I have no idea what would happen.
Sorry, Europe is too busy ruining the internet
Yea destroy America and you just might slow down Trump
When did r/pol get renamed r/antiamerica?
As someone in Europe(not really, Scandinavia...) I've been looking for Trump products^(locally) to buy rather than to boycott, I'm sure I'm not the only one...
This is a terrible idea. Why would you make it personal? There is no scenario in which this would actually help Europe's cause.
Sanctions his companies then pull up the electoral college map, the U.S. trade website, and tariff exports from his constituents.
Read "Stephen Kinzer" -- start with 8 June 2016, "Americans tend to approach the world in a very particular way" -- at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/721cjo/before_trying_to_cow_north_korea_with_military/dnez5oo

Source: "A Closer Look At The Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Phenomenon" at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/7k8p42/the_pentagons_secret_search_for_ufos_funded_at/drcdbmo
I don't think that will work.  He'll just up his bribery/extortion/have-government-pay-his-companies game.

The way to stop him is to actually get Congress to do their jobs and put a check on him.  That means putting severe pressure on red states.
But he is fully divested! /s
Good call.
[They better hurry! 1st phase of EU tariffs kicked in today. 2nd phase is down the line with CAN, MEX, and CHINA next.](https://www.bbc.com/news/business-44567636)
While the rest of the world is playing Monopoly, most of us are wondering how we will pay for groceries next month.
it's more than this. if they want to stop him they need to also sanction the companies of everybody who's funding him, and that includes every single Russian Oligarch who's funding him. Send the message that if you support Fuckface von Clownstick you aren't welcome on planet Earth.
Yes!
Absolutely.

Don't forget the Koch Brothers, too.
Nah, sanction things that hurt red states, like Mexico. Go after his supporters.
I'm late to the party, and it's true that Trump can withstand the damage to the economy, but I think that the European actions are probably the best way to do it: removing the benefit and incentive for people to vote this way again. Trump is not the sole problem, the people who put him in office must also bear the responsibility and consequences.
I love that China is focusing their tariffs on red state economies.
Tariffs, along with pardons, are Trump's latest toys because he can just *do* it, without asking congress.

If you target his companies, he'll escalate with more tariffs.
As much as I'd love this to happen I don't won't an outside nation dealing with our problem. They are within their rights if they've been equal screwed, don't get me wrong. This is the American people's problem and we need to take out the trash ourselves.
Looking at you, Scotland.

Hit Turnberry, real hard.
And then he'll cry they are attacking America and want to wage actual war. 

Rightzis are such thin skinned losers. 

Sad.
In his golf course near me the Scottish government built a huge offshore wind farm blocking his hotels sea view. We don't like trump.
Please please please do this.
“want stop”
I also really like the idea of naming horrible things after him since he loves slapping his name on things.

Child concentration camps are not "Trump Camps"

White Supremacists are now "Trump-eters" (Trumpeople?)

Any more?
haha this is genius. how is the first im seeing of this
Release the damaging info. Someone can leak it. Expose this man. We know some of the ICs out there have similar if not some of the same damning information that putin has. Now, maybe no one wants to take the jump because then maybe the US exposes their crooks...but surely there are a couple good guys out there who would *welcome* their country's crooks going down, too.

Maybe it's too dangerous. Maybe they simply don't have the damning info. Maybe they're happy to use it the way putin is using it.

We need the RNC secrets to come out. Show us everything.

As an aside, it seems wikileaks publishing the ICE data is in order to rile people up. Their wet dream come true as a Russian run org is for someone to do something stupid and cause a backlash even harder against Latinos, creating further escalation until it's out of hand. It's what they want.
Do it please and thank you.
>Essentially, Europe has failed to understand that Trump cares more about himself than his country. Like a dictator of a developing country, Trump is less concerned with the prosperity of American families or the country as a whole than with enriching himself and his family businesses.
As epic as it may be if they did so.  This would make Trump play the victim card so hard.  How everything is totally unfair, and the world is against him.  Because being born a millionaire is so hard.
If they did that they wouldn't have a way to bribe him into doing what they want.
Whew thankfully he's got nothing to worry about since he put all of his companies in a blind trust.

...right?
Didn't our recent price hike cause problems for the people around Trump?
Are Europe/canada ACTUALLY doing anything unfair to deserve the tarrifs?  Or is this just a protecting our own manufacturing thing?

I understand China is actually deserving of the tariffs. 

Anyone smarter than i care to explain?
When I was in Las Vegas a few weeks ago, I took a shit in Trump's hotel and didn't flush. I encourage you all to do the same.
Not enough. Figure out exactly where his base works and explicitly target those companies/industries. Make his voters feel extra pain, and even after he leaves office, give them a few more years of pain to think on their errors
If you want take seriously, learn how make sentence.
How idiotic is this
This sounds like terrible advice given that he strikes back harder and quickly whenever things go against him.  Sanction him at your own risk.
I mean this is how we deal with Russia isn't it? We go after the elites money, tying it up from western banking etc. if you start going after the rogue leaders then it might be more effective then treating us like the reasonable country we used to be.
Dumb question here but can sanctions be applied to specific companies or do they have to be applied to the whole industry?
Don't just sanction Trump's companies. He has businesses around the world. Countries with Trump properties should pass legislation to seize and nationalize all his foreign property.
want stop
Pretty sure that wouldn't 'stop' Trump, and I doubt that would go over well for their bond ratings. Targeting companies for political purposes is one thing, but this is just absurd.
As an American, I have to unfortunately say...please do.  We deserve it.  We failed our basic IQ test, and the only way this stops is if it hurts.
Go after his fucking balls.
Can anyone give me a list to boycott?  I like this idea btw
Flip sides. Republicans target and attack companies based on people they don't like, Democrats lose their minds.  But this is different.
Strongly disagree.  This guy is advocating attacking the puppet instead of Europe's plan to go after those pulling the strings.
To*
but if they did this he would probably hit them with a automotive tariff which is pretty much the trump card they have been holding on to. Germany can not handle a automotive tariff
Also sanction all his billionaire donors' companies.

Sanction everything the Kochs and the Mercers and their ilk touch into the ground.
Dear America, 

Laws actually mean something here. We can’t break them to go on a personal vendetta.
How would this work? There aren’t any Trump businesses in the EU
Dear America,

Stop being a bunch of pussies with no backbone, and take back your country.

Sincerely,

Every other country
Sanctions would hurt his employees as well. I would suggest straight-up seizing them.
Europe, were waiting..
Wow dude. Sweet idea, he is going to be soooo angry.
Yes, I want stop.
In b4 Trump declares war on all of Europe for doing this...
Honestly, this is one of the main ways in which the rest of the world can have an affect on American politics.  Politicians LIVE through their donors and their Super PACS.  They exploit the rules that they created to enrich themselves, often at the expense of their constituents and everyone else.  Right now, it is worse than it ever has been and it is not going to get better.  But, it works both ways.  The American people cannot scare off American businesses from donating or investing in crackpot politicians because our only power is a vote, but foreign governments can.  Their power is monetary in nature, and that is the only language that these people speak or understand.
Also his voters.
Meh, not our problem, mate.
Hey Europe, set down the alcohol and stub out your cigarettes, it's time to act.
\*gets the popcorn\*
>Like most dictators, Trump can easily weather broad sanctions on the US economy. But sanctions targeting his own companies and wealth will sting in a way that he cannot ignore. 

It is to shame him, force him to admit he's still vested and profiting, to announce to the world that this petty, pissant diktator will not be the end of the Western Alliance.

-Anything he or his relatives are attached to, NIX IT.  He and his criminal activity are not welcome in your nation.
Audit Deutsche Bank money laundering between russian oligarcs and Trump and then prosecute whatever you found.
hey keith ellison, are you trying to get him to leave nato? because this is how you force that hand
I would talk about my support for Trump except for the fact that this sub is so hostile toward me.
Can someone be honest...

1 do you support any country having tariffs against US?

2 do you support US right to reciprocate tariffs in the case of imbalance?
we do not want to stop trump... already europe is turning towards trump politics after the current leaders turned it into an infested shithole of muslims and africans where it is no longer safe to walk on the streets of the capitals outside of tourists areas...

Italy is a prime example others will follow soon.
It would be interesting to see his reaction to that.
And all his associates/political donors businesses.
I agree. Sanctioning America as a whole will enrage constituents and Trump would make a case that Europe is fighting America. Sanctioning his companies will work.
No, let's have some countries left that still follow a rule based international order.
[deleted]
Dear America, if you want to stop Trump, get off your asses and do something about it because it is sure as hell isn't *our* responsibility to keep cleaning up your shit.  


We aren't planning to invade you to install a true democracy just yet, like you guys usually do.
>But in its caution, Europe has fallen for a false hope: the belief that Trump can be appeased, that he can be reasoned with and that he can be convinced to abandon his current path with logic. 

That's exactly what Great Britain and the United States thought they could do with Hitler. These parallels are getting scarier and scarier.
From another thread:

https://old.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/8t1la2/un_says_trump_separation_of_migrant_children_with/e13xm2e/

[It's a crime against humanity per international definitions.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crimes_against_humanity)

Article 7 of the treaty stated that:

For the purpose of this Statute, "crime against humanity" means any of the following acts when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack:[43]

(a) Murder; (b) Extermination; (c) Enslavement; (d) Deportation or forcible transfer of population; (e) Imprisonment or other severe deprivation of physical liberty in violation of fundamental rules of international law; (f) Torture; (g) Rape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced pregnancy, enforced sterilization, or any other form of sexual violence of comparable gravity; (h) Persecution against any identifiable group or collectivity on political, racial, national, ethnic, cultural, religious, gender as defined in paragraph 3, or other grounds that are universally recognized as impermissible under international law, in connection with any act referred to in this paragraph or any crime within the jurisdiction of the Court; (i) Enforced disappearance of persons; (j) The crime of apartheid; (k) Other inhumane acts of a similar character intentionally causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or to mental or physical health;

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture)

Article 1

For the purposes of this Convention, the term "torture" means any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.
Article 4

Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture. 2. Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.

Impeachment, is REQUIRED by treaty.

and

[Treaty is IN FORCE, Done New York December 10, 1984. Entered into force, June 26, 1987; for the United States November 20th, 1994.](https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/273494.pdf)

Sounds like it's a breach of treaty, to boot.
This shows how dumb this sub is and how most of the users here are probably non Americans since this is one of the most popular sites in the world.
Honestly, this may be an unpopular opinion to Americans (myself included, being American), but maybe boycotting American companies and made products would do more good in the long run. Yeah Trump will be pissed that his companies are being attacked, but he'll just victimize himself as always. You boycott American products and Trump specifically and the citizens get pissed as well. This will start as division, Trump supporters blaming other countries and everyone else blaming Trump. Eventually everyone will be pushing Trump to fix it because blaming everyone else isn't working.  He and Congress will be pushed into a corner. That's where you want them.  That's my take on it.
Also sanction products from backers such as kock brothers, rupert morlock, etc.
... And he would have no rebuttal because he wouldn't be affected if he had divested in the first place, as the emoluments clause requires.
Dear U.S.,


If you want to stop Trump, remove him from Power and get rid of your broken system.
I hate what this sub became...
Suck fake news.
Too busy banning those dastardly memes
A guardian editor figures out a simple solution to Trump. Politicians, economists and think tanks all over the world hate him! Buy your copy today!

Special offer! Place your order now and get global warming solution free!
Don’t sanction his companies. Most just have his  name and nothing else. 

Go after his daughters and son in laws companies AND their partners. Make it known that if you do business with any trump, America may be friendly to you but the rest of the world isn’t.
> And that is exactly what Europe should do: don’t sanction or impose tariffs on Minnesotan companies that share no responsibility for Trump’s policies.

But Republicans love the idea of collective punishment. So how about Europe does both?
He shouldn't even have his businesses.

The people in Congress who let him keep some control over his businesses as a sitting president are going to have this bite them in the ass sooner or later. Maybe it already has.

It's very clear to everyone who's been watching his financial front that he has no intention of completely removing himself from his business interests.
Trump doesn't care about his money.  He's bleeding money while the Clintons/Obamas are raking in cash hand over fist.

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2018/05/31/trumps-net-worth-drops-bloomberg-analysis/662305002/

I thought it was obvious by now.
Don't you think Europe has bigger problems than Trump? *cough* *cough* immigrant rape gangs *cough* *cough*
I love this idea. r/europe come through
From Europe.

IDGAF
Except if Trump gave a shit about his businesses he wouldn't have run for President, he just would have retired. 

Glad to see the sad little Euros are so desperate in the face of fair trade law that they want to get personal though.
Don't just sanction Trump's companies - that isn't going far enough.

The USA needs to be declared a Rogue State at this point - all US assets abroad need frozen, and all state-actors should be treated as suspect and/or complicit for any and all crimes committed by the Administration.

We have, quite simply, become terrorists in our own right, because of the Right Wing... and honestly, I don't see it changing unless something drastic happens. They know their asses are on the line, and if they *ever* give up power, they will be thrown to the wolves.

EDIT - for anyone that has their head in the sand...

https://thinkprogress.org/fox-friends-immigration-these-are-not-our-kids-brian-kilmeade-e23e766b7974/

>Fox & Friends host Brian Kilmeade defended President Trump on Friday by pointing out that while his harsh “zero tolerance” policy may have resulted in thousands of children being separated from their parents at the southern border, **at least the kids affected aren’t Americans.**

>“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. **“These are people from another country.”**

Trump and the Right Wing *don't care* about anyone other than their rich ~~WASP~~ *old, white* friends. The legislation that has been in the works, the cuts to both socio-economic and environmental protections, the massive giveaways to the ultra-wealthy, and now this kind of BS... it pretty well hammers home that point.

If this kind of shit were happening in, say, Saudi Arabia or Iraq or Afghanistan, you can be certain that there would be more than just "calls for action".

From another thread:

https://old.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/8t1la2/un_says_trump_separation_of_migrant_children_with/e13xm2e/

[It's a crime against humanity per international definitions.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crimes_against_humanity)

Article 7 of the treaty stated that:

For the purpose of this Statute, "crime against humanity" means any of the following acts when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack:[43]

(a) Murder; (b) Extermination; (c) Enslavement; (d) Deportation or forcible transfer of population; (e) Imprisonment or other severe deprivation of physical liberty in violation of fundamental rules of international law; (f) Torture; (g) Rape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced pregnancy, enforced sterilization, or any other form of sexual violence of comparable gravity; (h) Persecution against any identifiable group or collectivity on political, racial, national, ethnic, cultural, religious, gender as defined in paragraph 3, or other grounds that are universally recognized as impermissible under international law, in connection with any act referred to in this paragraph or any crime within the jurisdiction of the Court; (i) Enforced disappearance of persons; (j) The crime of apartheid; (k) Other inhumane acts of a similar character intentionally causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or to mental or physical health;

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Convention_against_Torture)

Article 1

For the purposes of this Convention, the term "torture" means any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.
Article 4

Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture. 2. Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.

Impeachment, is REQUIRED by treaty.

and

[Treaty is IN FORCE, Done New York December 10, 1984. Entered into force, June 26, 1987; for the United States November 20th, 1994.](https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/273494.pdf)

Sounds like it's a breach of treaty, to boot.
Damn Europeans need to learn respect
I love how the Left hates America so much they literally BEG other countries to inflict pains upon us. 

We are literally the highest taxed country in the world in terms of trade. We simply want equal terms across all playing fields. 

President Trump literally said he wanted to end ALL tariffs at the G7 meeting, but none of our "allies" would budge on their massive tariffs of American products.   
You want fair/free trade until it means we actually demand it. 

America first is why Trump won, and will win again.
Why do liberals advocate for asymmetric trade deals?
Dear rosy palmed candy ass leftists, please stop actively campaigning to hurt American workers, and American businesses, and America as a whole. Sincerely, a concerned American worker. 

P.S. - Aren’t you filthy commies supposed to be all for the working class or something? What gives?
Ban his ass from their countries
nice try, keith. 

i understand that you want the best for your own state and it would certainly get to trump, if he was personally affected by sanctions.

however, that's not how it works. as i have found out from your wikipedia page you're not standing for re-election to congress again. so maybe you're not doint your job properly at a time, when americans, especially politicians, especially democrats, desperately need to do their job.
What can be more American than blaming Europe for the American president lol
Ellison contributes nothing to help this country. Just politics and anti-Trump. The Democrats need a platform besides resist Trump to become relative again. Pathetic!
You guys are really grasping at straws these days.
Dear Europe, why do you take away the free speech of your citizens and disarm them? If your military falls, how will your people defend themselves? Oh, that's right, you'll beg America to come save your lazy, worthless socialists asses.
Bingo.
I have been saying this the whole time.  Sanction his ass.
I'd love this!
He’d probably leave the UN if they did that.
Yes please.
Dear Trump,

If you want to stop Merkel, you can use the drones at Ramstein. You know where she lives!
Treat him like the rest of his Russian comrades.
I can't believe this already hasn't happened, honestly.  That he can act like this, pissing all over our allies and carrying Putin's water, and just soak up profits from his hotels across Europe.
I really hope Europe doesn't do this.  Trump is an egomaniac.  His response won't be the rational one.  He will throw a fit And we will all be worse off for it.
dear murica, if you want to stop immigrant crisis, stop destabilizing middle east with israel
I feel like Trump will become richer after his presidency than everything combined before his presidency.
Same strategy we've used against Russia for years.... Just a little bit of irony there....
The bigger problem - every second administration are now filled with arrogant and incompetent persons.
Dear Europe if you want to start an actual war with that petty asshole do the above...
There is a certain unequivocal irony in Trump's attempt to help his buddy Putin get out from under the brutal sanctions of the Magnitsky act Trump will end up with his own quasi-act against him. You know like the Toxic Vat of Tang Act or the Twittler Act, something of that nature
We are sanctioning the industries of the states of high profile Republicans. If you ask me this is just the beginning, because that sack of shit isn't going anywhere.
Any attack via tariffs or embargoes by a European government will immediately be used politically by the far-right in both Europe and North America to fuel the conspiracy of a global left-wing elite that desperately tries to make Trump unsuccessful. Not only will a Republican Congress use this to further attack Europe, quite possibly even as an elitist anti-American neocolonial force, but any possible bailout of Trump's businesses will be treated as heroic and patriotic act and against the evil foreigners trying to influence America.

The far-right in the US has long had a hatred for what Europe is today and the majority of Europeans - and many of it's arguments have made it into the American mainstream (the legends of the French surrender-monkeys, better-than-thou classist-in-the-wrong-way British, weak guilt-ridden Germans or effeminate Swedes). The one that we find most despicable over here, the Neo-Nazis, Neo-Fascists, and crypto-fascists are they're open allies.

Provoking this anti-European sentiment by giving it any more validity via state action is stupid. Now, if Europeans would simply stop buying anything with Trump'a or Ivanka Trump's name on it, and force banks to divest from them as well as their associates, that can't be framed as the European elites trying to manipulate the American public, but as the Europeans public.
Scotland already is, thanks!
Seize his assets for violations of international human rights treaties.
Trump... message from Europe .... tariff the f”ck out of Europe ....
In China, The Trump logo was denied trade mark registration until recently after the trade war started. Trump is enriching himself at US's expense.
We actually don't want to start a nuclear war.
I wouldn't try this when Trump is head of the US Armed Forces. Besides, isn't there a rifle behind every blade of grass in the US? Second Amendment and all that.
Jesus Christ people. You know he can literally launch a nuclear attack, right?
This something everyone can do and really hit him where it hurts.   Let’s cancel our memberships to his golf clubs and sell our apartments in his buildings.  This is the easiest and best way to hit trump where it hurts and everyone can get involved!!Genius!
Well, this can cut two ways. Do we really want to support governments taking targeted action against political opponents?
And you accuse Trump of collusion? What a bunch of abject bullshit.
The more the European countries move against trump, the more the right will move against the left establishment. Democrats and other left wing establishment's are making trump's re-election possible.
>Dear Europe, if you want stop Trump, sanction his companies

I support this! What are you waiting for Europe??
No, sanction the companies whos employees voted for him
Dear USA, Trump is mostly your problem. You foot the majority of the bill, pay for his entertainment and pay for his corruption and mismanagement while in office.
don't forget guns and bullets, too!!! this is the gop doing all of this bullshit, target the things they love the most.
Dear world, please help destroy Donald Trump. Thanks, most Americans
In 2016 a majority of US voters didn't vote Trump. So, instead of punishing, indirectly, companies workers, Europeans, Mexicans and others, should declare undesirable American politicians
As Americans we should take responsibility and clean up our own mess.   Just a thought.
TBH, this is our problem and not theirs.
The gleeful post here and encouragement to tear down the Trump empire is the very same thing I'm hearing from those who voted for Trump and continue to support him. 
It's the hope of striking out at those perceived to be causing their misery.
The only difference is Trump is giving his base hope, and the EU is giving you yours.
Fucking why? Why would you want to “stop Trump?” He’s advocating for AMERICAN jobs, something no president has done in a long time. And wake up assholes... it’s working. And before you go off on this bullshit about I’m some uneducated schmuck MAGA hat wearing asshole, I’m not. True, I’m an asshole, but for other non-political reasons. I’m educated, I live in a blue state and did not vote for Trump. However, he’s doing things right. So for the love of Christ STOP WITH YOUR HYSTERICAL BULLSHIT.

Stopping the duly elected president is fucking as bad with Trump as it was with Obama. People need to wake up. Holy shit, I thought the Tea Party was annoying, this resistance shit is the worst.
Have fun losing your election for attorney general, keith. You can't wide a state-wide race and you know it.
This is exactly right, and it highlights the fact that every politician's finances are a potential weak point that can be exploited. 

Let's say that the EU does this, and Trump's company fails. As a thought experiment, what do you suppose would happen in Congress if Trump proposed a bailout for his own brand? Extreme brow furrowing and eventual capitulation?
Even if he divested from his companies financially, his ego would never let him see his companies fail.
It's weird, because I first thought of terrorists or rogue actors targeting his businesses to make a point; little did I imagine that it could be allies doing it.
Literally exactly what I was thinking when I read the headline. 

This is EXACTLY the point. They can personally attack him because he's created this situation. I wonder if this counts under the 'play  bitch games win bitch prizes' category?
Furthermore it’s a terrible idea, although I agree it sounds nice. The only way for the EU to target Trump specifically without harming other companies is through a sanction. Can you imagine the political fallout if the EU sanctions a sitting US president?
He needs to learn that reason. So far he's only seen the upsides.
While the other part is that he can be persuaded to take certain positions by other countries agreeing to do business with his companies.
Didn't he?  I mean we saw a pile of dozens of binders with thousands of pages.  Surely this was proof enough that he did this, right?
he made a dog and pony show of it before he got sworn in and ethics officials voiced their concerns. he entered office making a joke of our entire process and it hasn't stopped.
And if he had, this wouldn’t be a threat they could use against him.
That doesn't shield a man like President Trump, nor his family from retaliatory policy/extorting. 

In a blind Trust,  you can still target Trump tower,  and  President Trump will know about it. 

Its a bad road,  because extortion can target his son's, or daughter's business even if President  Trump sold everything he owned. 

Or do you expect public officials to give up everything (friends, family,  and property) for a temporary office?
Yes.  We all love to see theories about how to undermine Donald Trump.  But it's a little scary to see theories about how foreign governments could directly attack and influence POTUS through his businesses.

We shouldn't want this.
There are two lawsuits working their way through the system. Unfortunately will be a while until the cases come to a close.
Also, Europe, target Wilbur Ross. We need a Magnitsky Act for the Trump cabinet.
it's just a political calculation for them, and crossing trump loses more R voters that it saves.
For anyone wondering the [Emoluments Clause](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_of_Nobility_Clause) is a part of the US Constitution that basically says politicians can't receive gifts or titles from other countries without permission from Congress.
*want ~~to~~ stop
But they don't want to stop the tarriffs.  Everything Trump does MAGA even if they lose everything.
Dear everyone - use the [Buycott app and avoid companies with ties to Trump.](https://www.buycott.com/campaign/1317/boycott-trump-products)
Red State GOPers have consistently voted against their own interests because of God/abortion/immigrants/liberals/Muslims etc.

What makes you think they'll enforce emoluments clause to stop the tariffs. Theyll gladly pay their "patriotism tax" to keep Trump in office.
Good idea! Thanks. 2 of my 3 federal reps have no conscience, but all are very concerned about money & electability. Pointing out how tariffs will erode support at home among the upper-middle-class voters they depend on could possibly help them take a little more action.
Personally. I think the tariffs are trump making America rely on America. But I hate price increases living in a rural area for steel and I wish that the tariffs never happened
Why would the American people support anything that favors European workers over them? Trump 2020
I just felt a shiver of hope reading that.
Trump is petty and eager to undermine cooperation, if a European country crosses him it could be costly for them, if Trumps spreads propaganda against them it can harm them for a long time to come. There is little benefit in that, Trump isn't known for compromising. Don't forget, Trump got into office by repeatedly threatening to jail his opposition, that is the behaviour that Americans want in a president.

Rather than go after Trump, Europe is going after the voter-base because it's the best way to show conservatives the benefits of trade and consequences of their actions, they can cooperate or take the financial hit.
THis would also be incredibly illegal and politically a horrible move for any nation doing this. A direct attack on a leading politician is going to be taken awfully, no matter how you slice it. You only do shit like that to 3rd world dictators. And I know many people here think he's the coming fascist dictator because Russia has everyone spun up in a ferver, we aren't a third world country. We are engaging in a stupid trade war, and attacking a presidents properties directly is not a good way to go about it.

However, hitting the industry as a whole is definitely within reason.
Yeah, this article makes the argument that Europe *shouldn't* impose broad economic sanctions against the US and should *only* sanction Trump's companies.  I think that is not actually a good idea.  If they really want this to change they should impose sanctions on Trump's companies, Trump's donor's companies *and* on industries that are most prominent in red states.
I’m disappointed Disney contributed $5 million
So in response to Russia interfering in US domestic politics, resulting in a Russian puppet as president, Americans want the EU to interfere in US domestic politics.

Tariff responses are not politically targeted sanctions as are being suggested, the legality of which are not clear. Americans really need to be sorting out their domestic politics for themselves if they wish to recover from this debacle. If we interfere as suggested we're just going to exacerbate problems in a distressed democracy, not solve them. It's quite a serious escalation against the US President personally that's being suggested here. That's neither measured, proportionate, and is quite possibly not going to stand up before the WTO. The EU has got as close to the line as it can by targeting products that will impact states with key Republican support.

Americans need to solve this problem, or we're just waiting for the next muppet as president.
Wasn’t Cerberus mentioned in the Dutch documentary on trump and all his shady holding companies?
Cerberus invests pretty heavily in weapons, they own a few gun companies too.
Fucking Cerberus
This should be the top-rated comment.
The OpenSecrets data reflects employee contributions of these companies or PACs money.

>The money came from the organizations' PACs; their individual members, employees or owners; and those individuals' immediate families. At the federal level, the organizations themselves did not donate, as they are prohibited by law from doing so.
Mate yall fuckers elected him lol
Now we're talking. When no legal justice can be made, hit them in the bank accounts.
They'd never phrase it that way. "Europe is so scared of him that they're attacking his companies! That's attacking America! It means we're winning!"
Sleighting Trump? We'd never hear the end of it.
That will rally the base even more behind him.  It will appear the world is perdonally against him
He loves himself, yet he's done a shit job controlling domains. See: http://www.trumphotels.org/
> Please do it! 

I like how politics complains about Trump sanctioning the EU and alienating allies, but then asks the EU to sanction their ally right back.
Hippity hoppity stop trying to fuck with peoples property Is my general view of things tbh.
No, please don't do it. This is such a dangerous precedent.
Which is why countries seem to be targeting their responses to hit the Red States specifically. When your tariff is focused on products that are manufactured or produced in the states where 45 has strong support the backing of a Politician would change because the policies enacted are hurting them financially. However with a cult leader, the hurting citizens continue to absolve themselves and their leaders by passing blame.
FYI, Minnesota voted for Hillary.
A minority of voters picked him overall. He won by 80k votes in three states, and evidence suggests those areas were heavily targeted by Cambridge Analytica and Russian bots to influence them against Clinton.
Telling another country to put tariffs in states that they believe will swing voters to another party is going to backfire. People will dig their feet in deeper since they will see it as foreign influence on our politics and ultimately the world will lose when we resort to war over it.
... Minnesota didn't pick him, why punish a blue state?
>Minnesota 

>red state 

Pick one.
I mean, I get your point, but they're not really a red state.

[ Minnesotans have voted for Democratic presidential candidates ever since 1976, more times consecutively than any other state outside of the south, and longer than any state. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Minnesota)
FYI Minnesota is a very democratic state. But yeah, it makes no sense not to retaliate to broad tariffs with other broad tariffs. The message it would send if the EU didn’t respond to Trump’s tariffs with tariffs of their own would be terrible. 

That said they should also definitely hit Trump as well- a Magnitsky act equivalent seems necessary when a leader is so insulated from the consequences of his actions. Obama left trump with a strong enough economy it doesn’t seem like tariffs will be able to do the job on their own.
They did the same for Levi's to target Nancy Pelosi and San Francisco.  I get that they want to pressure the House Minority Leader, but SF went only 8% for Trump and this is going to hurt us.
This was written by a Minnesota congressman. He's never going to suggest sanctioning his own constituents.
Do both... go after Trump's business first, then impact the areas of America that voted him in... though the problem with doing the latter is that you'll just entrench his cult further into the swamp.
Exactly. These people need to see the damage he's doing affect them personally in order to snap out of it.
Exactly this. You can't have it both ways. You elect Trump because you want protectionism? Fine, but don't blame others when they proctect themselves too and you have to face the consequences.
Almost half of America's registered voters didn't vote. If those who did, Trump lost. The Electoral College elected Trump, not the American people.
> Nope. The American people voted him into office. 

He did lose the popular vote. Alas, that doesn't account for much.
>Nope. The American people voted him into office. They share some measure of responsibility. 

It's crazy how offended I feel as an American whenever I see a comment or article that somehow lays the blame at my feet as an American - even though I obviously voted NOT Trump. Ugh. The only reason to build a wall is so we can exile all the Trump supporters and thus fix our country.
on the other hand, retaliation can damage EU's own economy, if taxes are put on essential american imports, you are basically damaging your own economy.
The electoral college voted him into office.  Hilary won by 2 million votes.  Hurting the American people is stupid when less than 100 million people voted.  The other 200 million who didn't vote bare some of the blame but we don't know the situation for all of them.
So fear the dictator ?
And that's exactly why it should be done.  Trump is hiding behind that distinct lack of checks and balances.  To highlight the need for checks and balances, let Trump put American troops on European soil over his private (emolument clause) dealings.

Sometimes, the shit really needs to hit the fan if we're to truly clean our act up.
 > and you'll see US military in Europe called home

You somehow seem to be under the impression that:

1. Europe, a continent of a dozen countries, has no armies whatsoever. They do have armies, they do have nuclear weapons, and their armies are fairly well equipped. They might not be as well equipped as the US, given that the budget for US Military is more than the sum of the ten following biggest spenders on military, but war is often very surgical with today's operations. So I think Europe should do fine.
2. That the US Army will answer to any and every call of a Madman. Or at least, I think they wouldn't. I would like to think that the Army officials are way more mature and seasoned that the Baby In Chief. 

If I'm proven wrong, well, it has been very good meeting you all folks, see you in the "Nucular" Winter, as Bush would say.
> There are no limits to what Trump would do to protect his companies

Traditionally, doesn't he just file bankruptcy and stiff someone else with the bill?
Senate? His own party? This would be taking corruption, conflict of interest and selfish policies to a whole new level.
I don't know, it seems like some buyers got burned when their investment went south. The article doesn't fully explain how they mislead investors other than overstating return on investment, which should have been a huge red flag since I don't know if any new builds that'll give you a 20% roi in real estate. At least in this case they built the building instead of taking the money and running like they've done before.
Problem is he lost the Popular vote, The people did their job. The electoral  college took a shit on the USA and the world.
absolutely a good point. he was elected for a reason. a slim, fucked up reason, but he won the election fairly democratically. EU has the rights to retaliate, of course. Because if the US cannot be held accountable for their own elected leader, what the fuck are we doing then?
> Dear America, it’s your president. If you want us to stop him, you should try first.
Our first shot is in Nov. Give us time. :(

This is something Europe could do now? :?

> Best way to show Trump’s economic policies towards Europe is by doing the good old return-a-roo and impose tariffs that screw with most voters. They should get what they wanted.

I'm okay with this too.

Not proposing an either/or kind of thing. Saying Europe should do BOTH.
We won't have that opportunity to vote him out until November of freaking 2020.
And it's kind of... unlawful? That's how dictators do it - make up reasons to put pressure on people's assets. Free countries tend to enact laws that pinish specific behaviour irrespective of who exactly engages in it.

I would expect Putin or Xi to do that, not Merkel and Macron.
I feel like you are 17 years old or something. There’s no way you’re actually an adult.
I'm ok with that. It sucks but we deserve it. I wish there was another way, but I don't think there is. 

Fuck us up, fam.
***Trump is a fuckhead facist, etc. etc.***

> So, here is what we will do:

Your leaders are imposing tariffs in an attempt to get Trump to undo his. You, you personally, are doing nothing. You were not involved in the retaliatory process, us laymen americans were not involved in the initial tariffs either.  

> We will target US industry as a whole with our tariffs.

The tariffs already happened and this is not what they did. They were targeted at industries from states that leaned toward Trump. 

> Yes, this will put people out of work in the US. Many people. It will not just "sting", it will hurt. A lot. You are looking at upwards 800.000 people losing their jobs, and those are conservative estimates. 

Lets say its a lot fucking worse, let's say 2 million people lose their jobs. This raises the unemployment rate by a whopping 0.7% returning us to our February 2017 unemployment numbers. This won't hurt at all. Me personally, I wouldn't give a fuck if that happened. I'm already 5 times angrier with Trump for putting tariffs on our allies in the first place, this would in no way change any opinion I have. No the goal of these tariffs, like your policy makers have actually said publicly, is to hurt businesses that were pro-Trump in 2016. 

> your country has no social security system that can take care of them adequately.

We give people who were laid off unemployment checks that replace their income until they can find another job. 

> This will hurt you. And we are okay with that.

it wont, it'll anger pro-trump businesses which is the point


> Because we have spent the better part of the last 20 years yelling at you to get your shit together. Not only did you did not care to listen, you now fucked up in such an over-the-top hilarious way by electing this dipshit, its mind-blowing.
We are done yelling. Our patience with you has run out.

This is the really funny part of your comment where you pretend that the Tariffs are european leaders finally standing up to americans for being such dumb mean guys, when actually its europe standing up to the Trump administration for being belligerent anti-economic. It's about money you fuck, it's always about money. If the we reached a deal tomorrow, and our tariffs went away your new ones would too. All that "patience" that ran out will be back in spades, almost like it never ran out in the first place. You've been watching global politics and applying your own inner anti-america monologue to the machinations of world leaders. It's cringey, it's pathetic. Stop it.
In fairness it’s the corporations and banks who control this country and policy that do all that. The people don’t really have any control so long as democrat and republican politicians continue to allow corporations and lobbyists dictate everything. As long as money is allowed in politics, of which only the politicians can change, nothing is going to change. This will hurt the people it won’t hurt the rich fucks and politicians who control everything. And as long as we have a two party system where dems and republic control everything no amount of voting is going to fix anything. I’m sorry but voting won’t fix anything and the people don’t control this country or make any of the decisions. It’s the money, corporations, and politicians...incumbents who just win and win because the two party system ensures that. It’s not up to the people and that’s how they like it. 

I live in a red state....it doesn’t matter who I vote for the republican president gets my vote. My county and local elections always go Democrat so it doesn’t matter who I vote for whom ever the democrats choose gets to run is who wins. Votes don’t matter.
lol

This sub is silly.

It's like the epitome of armchair politics coupled with extreme partisan views.
>Your electorate put this Nazi pig into office

 I feel like it's more accurate to say that he was put into office by the lack of electorate. I think we had about a 20&#37; participation rate? Oh, and the corporations and lobbyists too.

That being said, RAW votes did not put him into office, it was our electoral college. It may amount to the same thing from where you're sitting, but I think it's important to note that most people who cast their vote did NOT cast it for Trump.
From Russia, with love.
How is it so hard for the rest of the world to grasp that Trump did not get voted in by the people of the US?  He got voted in by the lobbyists. He lost the popular vote which is the actual vote of the American people.  He won the electoral college which is a vote by a select few people who are supposed to represent the larger population of their states and districts within those states. However, they can, and have proven to be, easily swayed (read bribed), by companies who have agendas of their own. These politicians will ignore the popular vote completely and vote for whomever the money wants.

Admittedly, we elect these representatives into office, so part of that is, in fact, on us.  However, here is where the problem lies. How can we know for certain if a politician can be trusted, when most of them state on their campaigns that they won’t be swayed by lobbyists and want to represent the American people honestly?  It’s the classic boy who cried wolf story.  They have all said it so many times that the American people as a whole can’t trust them at all. So we just try to use our best judgement. And most of the time that is even manipulated by the gerrymandering of districts in the states.

So, unless something majorly changes in our outdated political system, the majority of Americans are going to continue to suffer at the hands of a few corrupted narcissists who effectively elect themselves to run our country into the ground while they profit.
Did anything ever come of that, besides new ownership of the building.
Scotland should use eminent domain to sieze the golf course. Fair market value, $1
Preferably before his ["working"](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/may/22/donald-trump-set-to-head-to-scotland-for-golf-during-state-visit) trip to the UK in July.
If we ban him, how are we going to be able [to do this](https://imgur.com/gallery/F8939CU) again?
That's discriminatory against Irn Bru addicts
Scotland should worry about their own people and giving them some rights before they worry about other countries. 2018 and they’re only now getting around to letting women be pro-choice, which still hasn’t been passed


Edit- this is a fact
And a sitting US president lies every time he opens his mouth.
We are trying. It's difficult when you're up against old people who think tweets from @liberalsshoulddie constitute real sources. The same people bitch about fake news
There are 326 million people in the USA.  66 million voted for Hillary.  63 million voted for trump.  Of those 63 million, many were given false promises and some regret their vote now.  Blaming the USA collectively is not fair.  Plus the election already happened...for all practical purposes he is an unaccountable dictator until the 2020 elections.
Pretty sure in this case it's just the writer who wants to get rid of Trump but does not want to carry any of the burden, or do any of the work..
Trump isn’t a dictator. Want to hurt him in an election? Hurt the American public that elected him. When they realize they are better off without him, he’ll be gone. 


Don’t forget, a lot of American companies and leaders of industry financially supported the Republican Party. So if their stock portfolios take a giant hit from sanctions, maybe they will learn their lessons too.
No, actually we don't. Magnitsky act, for example.
Hey, if us allies fight eachother, Putin gets what he wants. Chill out. Let’s help eachother out. America (and the world) got fucked by the electoral college in 2000 and in 2016.

We needed a wakeup call to fix our broken institutions- but if our allies leave us for dead, there’s absolutely no hope in restoring order and changing what’s broken.
Agreed!
There's not that many of those over here. Trump doesn't like to do business in well-regulated economies with a clear rule of law.
They'd need a very good legal reason to do that.
Yes, just like that.
Well then we shouldn’t have elected him. It’s our fault he’s president. The alternative wasn’t that much better but that’s also our fault. We let the political class pull this lesser evil stuff on us all the time and we just hold our noses, vote randomly, and tell ourselves whatever fairytales get us through the day. Maybe instead of acting as if the Democrats or Republicans are legitimate political entities we need to deconstruct their leadership altogether and find people not attached to them to lead instead.
Since he won the election, that kind of makes the entire US associated with Trump.  At least the majority.
Impeachment requires a supermajority in Congress. We couldn't even get the simple majority required to pass a bill that would end the family separations at the border.
Bias suggests irrational opposition, or opposition based on ulterior motives or self-interest. I assure you, opposition to Trump is rational and based on an interest in the greater good.
I will always be 100% biased against Fascists. I will always be 100% biased against loud-mouthed braggart liars. I will always be 100% biased against boasts of sexual assault. I will always be 100% biased against tacky fucking gold-plated living rooms. I will always be 100% biased against Mafioso colluding bullshit. 

Deal with it.
It ain't called bias when you're calling a piece if shit out for being a piece of shit... If anything, you're the one with a bias.
That's impossible DT's Pres. and they are magical.  Now somebody get after that criminal Clinton lol.
Japan. Full stop.

The Japanese have basically cornered the market on really premium whiskey. I suggest Nikka Coffey Malt if you're a fan of Kentucky bourbon.
Me agree!
>Lol @ this subreddit ~~colluding~~ supporting ideas involving ~~foreign powers~~ NATO allies & liberal western democracies to undermine the President.

"Collusion" implies some sort of act. Simply commenting on the idea that our allies have ways of hitting the POTUS in his pocketbook is hardly collusion. It's not like seeking out drugs from a street corner or visiting with russian lawyers who can't even speak english to get dirt on Hillary Clinton. 

This is a very low energy effort on your part.
I'm fine with it. It's in the open, the reasons are clear, and the President wouldn't be undermined if he weren't violating the Emoluments Clause.
Yes  it's litterally pot meets kettle.
*To undermine Donald Trump, who happens to be president. 

Not to undermine the office of the presidency, which Trump is doing quite successfully on his own.
Our President is fully insane and the GOP are his enablers.

Asking friends to help us rid ourselves of this insanity is just survival.
>"Russia, if you're listening..." 

We learned it from your hero.
You do realize Reddit is available and popular in places that are not the United States, right?
I also wonder about this, but mainly I wonder if Fox News is biased towards a certain party. Fix that first, then worry about some website that old people never look at.
Can’t tell need more evidence
It's really biased against a certain political party because it's filled with sycophants and monsters
"Both parties are the same" ?
Reality has a liberal bias.  Sorry bud.
Hmmm, I wonder if any other subs are biased toward any party or individual?
I've always hated that fucker. I loathed him back in the '90s when his stupid face was all over the news and gossip shows for raping Ivana. They've always been trash, the whole entire family.
Jesus, brutal.
Psst.  Trump is the one creating the sanctions.  Stopping him, in this context, is stopping sanctions.
We need them to hit every state and cause the GOP to act.

Hit the Red states harder but hit America everywhere they can and force Congress and the Senate to stop this insanity.
When the US sanctions, it sanctions countries and individuals. So yes, they could target Trump, since he is the problem.
We, the people did not vote for Trump.

He was forced to power over the voters desires by the electoral college.

We are hostages now and need help to free ourselves.
[deleted]
This should be top comment.
This is a UK article.
Thanks Europe, but we don't need to protest in the street to free ourselves from fascism. We have a more effective remedy: we voted and elected Trump.

Sincerely,

USA
>We're well past that point.

But we never got to that point or he would already be sanctioned.
While you do that, definitely section Trump's businesses as well.

Pressure your local politicians for it.
> To all countries the world over, please help us here in America.

Does this mean we can make them British colonies again?
Go down to the goodwill and dig through their junk. You'll find his products under the monopoly boards with missing pieces
He should have divested himself of his companies in accordance with the Emoluments Clause like Jimmy Carter did.

But he didn't, so he can face the consequences of his actions.
Trump is already determined to tear up the old world order, and Republicans are looking away sheepishly while he does it. If Europe wants to force the issue, they might as well do it before there is no chance of repair.
Trump should be completely separate from his companies, so it shouldn't affect him.  Remember the peanut farm.
You just described every decision made by Trump.
Just exactly how much worse do you think it could possibly get?

We as a country need every other country on the planet to isolate America economically to force the GOP to get Trump out of office.

Economic isolation would force big money corporations to scream at the GOP.
"It would lead to a raging shitstorm the likes of which we've never seen in American political history."

"I have no idea what would happen."

... What?
I'm against tariffs, which is pro America. I would love to save the jobs of our farmers and construction workers, but the President is sabotaging our industries with his "national security" tariffs
Spastic. And Trump supporters wonder why people ridicule them...
Patriotism vs Nationalism
So if you don't support Trump 100%, you're "anti-American?"

What was your opinion of Obama? Did you support him 100% without question?

Go away, hypocrite.
How about some trump steaks or a degree from trump university?
r/asablackman
They are very easy to get, why are you having a problem. Go get your commemorative Trump loves Kin coin.
Everything is personal with trump
Because the whole country shouldn't be punished for the decisions of one clown. If the other leaders understand that, then they should make it personal and get the people to understand that Trump should've divest from this company in the first place. But then again, punishing the entire country may possibly get them to rise and put an end to this GOP threat.
Nah, hit him where it hurts.
You must not have heard about the emoluments clause. Kinda basic thing people should know about before posting here.
Can I introduce you to trumps twitter feed?
To /politics, it's all personal
It at is his shit
Tariffs are doing that, but Trump doesn't care about his followers. Trump needs to be sanctioned , so he feels it.
They are already feeling the tariffs. It is time to make Trump himself feel it, since he doesn't care about those that voted for him, as proven by his dumb ass trade war.
less words. Save time. Kevin efficient.
They've already done that. Germany will get hit hard by the tariffs but they're a developed enough economy to manage.
[Trump has 10 businesses in the UK and 4 in Ireland](https://edition.cnn.com/2016/11/28/politics/trump-foreign-businesses/index.html)
Are we really even in NATO any longer? Trump isn't going to help if Russia takes Latvia tomorrow. He will just say some people tell me Latvia wanted to be Russian.
I don't think he has the authority to do that
It's hard leaving your safe space
As the saying goes, "Play stupid games, win stupid prizes."

Or in this case, "Support authoritarian assholes, win societal scorn."
The US is destroying it's self and the world economy through GOP politics via Trump.

Any action that kills this insanity is correct.

The world needs to isolate us economically to force the GOP to finally take a stand against Trump.
1. Yes  
2. No  
  
It's the price you pay for being the center of the global economy. Smaller economies have to reorganize to protect themselves. We can either be in the center of the action, or we can close ourselves off and reduce our role in the global economy. Can't have it both ways.
what
Its not an unpopular opinion, its outright insanity.

Look into the mirror, who are the people trying to keep jobs in this country, and who are the people trying to actively destroy jobs in this country? You really think you're so "American" by destroying this country because the wrong guy is in office? And this isn't even a conspiracy, you literally say you want America to fail so that Trump cant win. The "REAL AMERICAN", get a fucking reality check nutjob.

Disgusting is what you say. Even the most die hard republicans never called for Americans to boycott American companies so Obama is forced into another economic crisis.

Seriously look into the mirror. You accuse him of such travesty, yet here you are, willing to take money and success away from your neighbors out of spite. So angry that Trump is successful, that you would rather kill your country then let him be given credit.

I rarely say this, because unlike you I have some restraint, but you are actual human garbage.
>Clintons/Obamas are raking in cash hand over fist.

I've been assured by many fine people that makes them smart.
He could have divested and put it in a blind trust.. he didnt, because he stoll cares about his business.
Man I feel sorry for you living your life believing all that
My God. Some day you children will actually be in charge of something...

That's a frightening thought.
Reminder: you didn't care about these kids either until a week ago.
Respect is earned.
>the Left hates America

The Guardian isn't "the Left", it's a British news organisation

>We are literally the highest taxed country in the world in terms of trade.

I'd love a source for that.

>President Trump literally said he wanted to end ALL tariffs at the G7 meeting, but none of our "allies" would budge on their massive tariffs of American products.


Because, as the countries have said from the start, they'd be happy to renegotiate trade but not under threats. The EU has been pushing for a EU-US FTA for several years now, the negotiations stopped because of Trump entering the White House. If he truly wanted a FTA why would he end the negotiations for it instead of pushing for it further?

>America first is why Trump won, and will win again.

Sure thing bud.
These tariffs are hurting us. Farmers and construction workers are already feeling the consequences.

If Trump is serious about no tariffs, he should stop imposing new ones. That would show he is ready to talk about trade in a serious manner. Instead he continues to escalate his trade war.
Because they are actually useful. Do some digging on how global trade works between countries. Because every one uses american dollars trade deficits can actually be really useful for us. 

If you want more manufacturing in America though get prepared to see the cost of living shoot up!
They think American workers are apt sacrifices for the "Greater Good"
You really seem to be misinformed on a lot of topics... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estimated_number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country

One quick google search and you see that Europe has one of the highest gun ownerships per capita in the entire world... only the US has more.  

You are fake news.
Isn't it kind of ruining your point when the only reason you aren't okay with is it optics?
So what should we do? Give up and let them win either way?
No, this is EVERYONE'S problem. A TODDLER got elected president. He has to be dealt with in the only way he can be hurt, by hitting him in his millions.
Foxhack and your post shows a very common difference between America and almost the rest of the world.
> It's the hope of striking out at those perceived to be causing their misery. 

I’m a little confused, what else are you supposed to do when you think someone is causing you misery?  Seems to be the natural reaction, unless you’re the “lie down and take it” type.  Naturally now that the Democrats are out of power they sound like the people who were formerly out(ish) of power.

I see what you’re getting at, but I think the issue is more about the “perception” part and less about the “striking out.”  When you don’t have a consensus on what’s fact/fiction you will find that it’s pretty easy to manipulate perceptions.  We need to get back to the point where most perceptions were in line with reality.
22 hours ago you said this:

>There are more jobs right now than people to fill them

Why would you want to create more American jobs when we can't fill the ones we have?

Assuming everything else you said is correct, that is.
Oh he can wide a state wide race boi!
> As a thought experiment, what do you suppose would happen in Congress if Trump proposed a bailout for his own brand? Extreme brow furrowing and eventual capitulation?

This isn't a thought experiment.  This is what would happen.
That's exactly why he should have divested from the whole thing. It's an obvious weakness to exploit.
No I don’t actually think they could get a majority to pass that. You only need like 2 Republican senators to say no assuming they are willing to go around a filibuster in the first place and I think it would happen.
> Extreme brow furrowing and eventual capitulation?

More like Extreme Capitulation and blaming The Democrats for making them do it.
> As a thought experiment, what do you suppose would happen in Congress if Trump proposed a bailout for his own brand? Extreme brow furrowing and eventual capitulation?

Something closer to grabbing the lube and bending over.
dude if we could impose worldwide sanctions on any company linked to political funding that might be enough to really kick shit into gear
He nukes Europe.
Problem is his companies won’t fail. He’ll get more Chinese and Russian bribes and indebt himself to them even more
I'm shocked the EU isn't taking the other approach.  Just bribe him.
Dont forget the thoughts and prayers.
> As a thought experiment, what do you suppose would happen in Congress if Trump proposed a bailout for his own brand?

Probably nothing. No way they're going to convince Democrats in the senate to vote for anything like this.
He can still make money. His family has money. His isn't as poor as us all of a sudden.
Why would Congress bail out Trump when he could just ask the Russians *AGAIN*?
What?

He's constantly watching his companies fall, if anything it would give him an excuse for why they're doing so bad.

It's like the DC hotel, everyone says it's a ghost town but he's somehow making millions off of it.  The money coming in is just being laundred through it.  Doesn't matter if countries sanction it, other countries will rent rooms no one stays in to bribe trump into something.

The only thing it would work on is ivanka's clothing line.
> his ego would never let him see his companies fail. 

Throughout his career, that's all his companies have ever done... is fall.
He's bankrupted 6 companies. He has no issues with failure, it's actually probably the area in which he is most competent.
Even if we tariffed Trump's companies, it's only a bandaid fix. What they are doing by targetting US companies in special unique districts that republicans represent (such as Levi, whiskey and a few others that were mentioned in an article yesterday) they are hitting the voter base which is what really needs to happen rather than hitting Trump.
*Trump's ego would never let him admit failure.
What's another couple bankruptcies to add to the stack? /s
That's because Trump's chosen to Ally with the terrorists/rogue actors. Makes a lot more sense when you look at it with that knowledge.
Political fallout... where?
Trump is hated in Europe except by the alt-right.
I mean, the US sort of does the same thing by going after Putin's allies with sanctions.
Eh this is why he should have divested.
>Can you imagine the political fallout if the EU sanctions a sitting US president?

It shouldn't be possible, as a POTUS is supposed to divest.

He chose not to, can't blame them for choosing to take advantage of that.
Political fallout where? Trump doesnt exactly have a fan base in europe I really dont think political cost of such a saction would be high. In fact in some EU countries, it might win points since trump openly mocked those people.
Exactly this. It's politically completely unfeasible.


Plus, why is it dear Europe's task to get rid of Trump?
Appeasement didn't work on Hitler, so actions must be taken. Back his ass down.
 Yes it would.   Extortion can still be done to his family.  You don't divest yourself of family members
You mean, do I expect him to be held to the same standards every other president had been? Yes. If only the GOP felt the same way.
What do you mean theories. His contractors in China got a 500M$ loan from a Chinese bank two days before he "made a deal" with ZTE.
Yeah but Congress can enforce it *right away.*

They could pass a law requiring the divestment which has, until now, been a courtesy.
Honestly I expect most of these lawsuits to get delayed until well after Trump has finally left office. Congress needs to act.
I'm not a fortune teller, but something tells me those suits will be dismissed for lack of standing.
Assuming congress doesn’t separately act, there’s still a chance that they’ll rule the emolument clause doesn’t affect services given to foreign entities
Why should we not target your entire economy?

a) You are targeting all of ours.

b) It's not Trump or his lickspittles we try to bring to their senses

It's your electorate we have to bring to it's senses, because your electorate put those asswipes into office in the first place...and it can remove them as well.
Which is why I've been wondering if we should limit Senate and congressmen to one term. No reelection means no, or little political calculation when considering actually doing the "right" thing. The only influence to consider then is their aspirations to "retire" to a think tank or lobbying firm.
Didn't some country already tariff industries in McConnell's and Ryan's home states?  I bet they didn't' budge, because their real interests are their money backers not their constituents.  This is possible because their constituents are happy to vote against their interests.
We don't have the raw materials to only rely on ourselves. We outsourced it years ago. Practically everything we touch has some degree of involvement from an outside country. If it contains metal, plastic, or cloth, you can bet some piece of the product was touched by someone in another country.
Enjoy your nationalist tax. I hope you aren't a farmer or someone who relies on them for work.
I think that's called an erection.
There is no hope in this reality. :/
I wouldn’t if I were you. I would expect Trump night actually declare war on these countries if they hit him directly. As the president, he sees the US government and his military as his own personal forces to use for his own personal benefit now.
But won't they see this as European elites targeting them, which would enforce their belief that it's US against the world. And then they would only want more America First policies.
Whose laws would it break? What's he going to do send his house elf sessions in guns blazing? We already do this with Russian money and politicians. This is why there are specific rules saying a president should not have business interests that can influence him. Politically horrible for who? Is Merkal going to get fallout in the midterms from this? Anyone that goes against trump in the EU is getting a huge boost. US companies are going to try and trade with the EU as much as they can, any tariff that hurts the EU hurts the US. A president running a trade ware that is bankrupting himself by impacting his own legal violations in putting himself above the country while telling people to follow him over the cliff has a lot more to lose. This would be a horrible move for a nation, if the EU did it it would end him.
Yes, but it would be hard to attack back. This is why US Presidents are supposed to divest themselves from their investments.
And his cabinet.
> on industries that are most prominent in red states.

That we can leave to China.
> on industries that are most prominent in red states.

This is, in fact, what Europe and Canada are doing. They are targetting Kentucky bourbon, Wisconsin Harley Davidson, large scale farming/agricultural imports, various other textile or manufacturing goods.

What they are not targeting? Electronics, fishing, wine (although they are targeting whiskey) and a whole host of other things that coastal cities produce, sell and move. 

This isn't a random tariff - they are purposefully saying "hey, conservatives, your douche-bag-in-chief is causing this stand off and we are going to hit you where it hurts."
> red states

Like bourbon whiskey?
What do you think happens if you attack American companies, because that’s what the spin will be: America under Attack!
Like China did hitting agriculture core voters
Let's slap a few on Fox News and other Murdoch owned mouthpieces as well.
What's up with that? Why would Disney do that?
We sanction Russian oligarchs.  How is this different?   Trump is a wannabe oligarch that needs his businesses fucked hard internationally to understand how much of a little bitch he actually is.
A little help from our friends wouldn’t hurt. The only thing these fuckers understand is money, and, frankly, America uses sanctions against companies and private parties all the time to affect other countries’ domestic politics, both on a national level (Iran) and on a company by company and person by person (Russia) level.
You've made a measured and intelligent point but I still disagree, because I believe the endgame where sanctioning Trump *becomes* reasonable is not that far away. Waiting until he pushes his agenda further and does yet more damage to transatlantic relations is counterproductive. If the EU wants to be taken seriously by this wannabe dictator, they have to start speaking a language he understands: $$$$. Or they could continue to be reasonable, as you suggest. But how has a reasonable approach worked out so far?
The sperm bank?
"Remember, Europe is a socialist hellhole roamed by Muslim rape gangs, so if they're against Trump it must mean he's doing an even better job than we thought!"
"OMG the Deep State Conspiracy is international! Support Trump or else you and endorse whatever is going on in the basements of all those French pizzerias!"
The beatings will continue until moral improves.
The cult only a subset of his base, so this will still be effective if it has an impact on people. Also cults do lose members.
Tbh i still dont think its the right thing to do. These are real people and they will continue to suffer because of that. These people are so jaded that they will blame democrats and the rest of the world despite the republicans they voted for fucked them over and they are to blind to see this.
My response to that is that apathetic voters (i.e. non-voters) are nearly as bad, as they are essentially abrogating their civic duties, and also bear some responsibility in this case. Thus, a healthy majority of the American populace bears responsibility for the situation we find ourselves in.
_Enough_ voters picked him. That's all that matters. Even though two-thirds of your country seem to be reasonable people, a full third - one person in three - sticks with Trump no matter what, no matter how many lies, no matter how many children separated at the border, no matter how much he destabilises the hard-won international order that was put into place after world war two, no matter how many despots and totalitarian leaders he talks up. 

This amount of people supporting these policies means that your society is sick. You don't get to dismiss that because they are _only_ a large minority. 

That's like saying, "No, it's fine! The cancer is only in my liver and my lungs and my bowels, that's only like, a third of my organs!".
To be clear: I'm not advocating targeting or sparing any specific state or states from economic sanctions. I'm saying that because an overwhelming majority of American citizens either actively or passively enabled this situation, having economic sanctions hit all areas and levels of the American economy is in fact the desired effect, as it will hopefully serve as an object lesson to later generations of voters on why you don't let a demonstrably racist and idiotic kleptocrat determine foreign policy - or, for that matter, any policy.
> People will dig their feet in deeper since they will see it as foreign influence

They won't see it as foreign influence unless they're told it is by Fox News.   So it won't ever happen for 44% of Americans.
Their feet are already dug in.  They are a lost cause.  Look at Trump’s approval ratings, even now.  Reason and compromise don’t work. 

Actions have consensus.
Oh, so *now* you're worried about "foreign influence on our politics."
Yeah, didn't I just read that Minnesota's iron industry *is* benefiting from the tariffs on metals?
Not just any Minnesotan congressman, but Keith MFin Ellison, black Muslim who literally took his oath of office on Thomas Jefferson's Quran. At face value, he's everything the GOP hates. Look deeper and he's just a really solid and decent guy.
As if there's any hope for his cult to begin with. I personally don't concern myself with what his cult does or thinks. They're a constant in this equation, not a variable.
Scandinavian here, if you think I'm going to go out of my way to target specific areas in the US with what I buy, guess again.. I'm boycotting all American wares no matter which state they came from, to the best of my ability ofc.
As it happens I'd love to entrench his cult in a swamp. :)
What do you have against Trump voters, and more importantly your own citizenry? Why do you want parts of the country to fail?
To be fair, I also blame those who didn't vote for this situation. If they had gone to the polls this might be a very different America.
Fuck yes.
Trump is a clown, but he's a lethally dangerous clown, especially to Europe.
So?
We already have his personal lawyer accepting bribes in his name, Trump himself embezzling from his charity, his family selling access to the president and leveraging their contacts to get loans and other perks in e.g. China.
What makes you think that recognizing Russian ownership of Crimea or banning travel to the USA for people from France would be the last straw for the republicans in Congress?
no the people didn't do their job. half of the people just couldn't be bothered to vote in the first place and try to excuse themselves now with "i didn't vote for trump".

doesn't work that way. 

and if you don't like the electoral college, why didn't you get rid of it yet? it hasn't made any sense for the longest time already.
Im gonna have to disagree. 

First of all we dont even know how people would have voted if it was a popular vote based election. When its winner takes all and your state is 70% one party then you dont bother voting. Noone can claim to know who would win a popular vote. 

Secondly, going by the votes in the current system, close to 50% of American voters vote Republican. Both sides are usually within 48% of the votes. And Republicans have been the shitholes forever, Nixon, Reagon, Bushes, its always been the same shitshow. 

Thirdly, the voter climate in the US is extremely shifted to the right compared to other first world country. American democratic voters and thus the Demcoratic party are further to the right than most right side voters and thus parties are in Europe, Canada, Japan etc.
The people's job isn't to prevent him from getting the popular vote. It's to keep him from winning the electoral college.
You should be in the streets instead of sitting behind a computer. If your country was Europe, he would have been maidan’d twice already.
>You, you personally, are doing nothing.

I wrote to my political representatives 3 times in the last week alone. Twice to signal my support for public condemnation of your countries atrocities against immigrant children, and once to signal support for harsher economic backlash against you in the trade war.

And it may have eluded you: I too voted for the people who are imposing the tariffs against you now. That's how democracies work: We elect people to facilitate our political will.

>The tariffs already happened and this is not what they did.

Wrong. Minor tariffs happened so far, against things like Peanut Butter, Jeans and Motorcycles. Aka. the trade-war equivalent of a warning shot.

Which your administration chose to ignore, and thus, now comes [the first point-blank broadside with fully loaded cannons.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/us-eu-trade-war-tarrifs-goods-trump-steel-aluminium-american-products-european-union-a8411331.html).

This time it's steel, aluminum and such. This time, it will actually hurt, not sting. And we can impose more any time we want.

>This raises the unemployment rate by a whopping 0.7% 

And creates 2 million households with no income, no way to pay rent, medicine, food, bills...which in turn will cause backlash in what little social security measures you have.

If you think for one second that a sudden rise in unemploymend by such numbers is something you can just ignore, you are wrong.
Organizing + activism does matter though. Even if you don’t live in a swing state, you can still go to one to volunteer, or phone/text bank/donate to competitive campaigns.
This guy just likes to jerk it to his anti-American sentiments like he is personally responsible for Europe’s political decisions. He has no more control over European governments than Americans do over ours, though so it just makes his comments bizarre and a little pathetic.
No.
> How is it so hard for the rest of the world to grasp that Trump did not get voted in by the people of the US? He got voted in by the lobbyists.

Because trying to even talk about it results in a pissing match about how MURICA IS NUMBER 1, FREEDOM BAYBEEEE!!! 

You've been cramming that shit down everyone's throats for decades now, and suddenly you want to turn around and say "oh actually we have no freedom at all, we aren't able to elect officials to represent us and our nation is not a democratic one".

Not only is this a complete 180 from "MURICA, FUCK YEAH!", but it's a pretty transparent attempt to just shirk responsibility. Your country is, in fact, a free one, but the thing about freedom is that you're responsible for your actions. The majority of your nation was too lazy to even go out and vote against Donald Trump, and as a result, Donald Trump is now your president and elected representative on the world stage. 

Blaming people just isn't good enough, but it seems all you're capable of. Even now, with all the insanity going on, y'all are still just sitting there waiting for Mueller to tell you what everyone already knows, that Russia has been fucking with you and that the Trump administration commits crimes. You're waiting for him to come out and officially blame Russia, so that you can all agree that it's Russia's fault! As if once we can officially blame Russia, then things will be fixed!

Okay, it's not your fault, but it is your country. Are you going to fight for it, or just point out that it's not your fault it went to complete shit? Sit there and assign blame and shirk blame all you want, it doesn't fucking matter. Freedom means the responsibility to stand up for yourself, so it's really about time you prove all that shouting and chest-beating you like to do isn't just empty bullshit (or the insecurity we've all been taking it as, which is proving to be sadly on the money).

Or just continue to sit on social media and wait for Mueller to blame Russia for you while you point out that you definitely didn't vote for him so you are not at fault. I'm sure that will start working out any day now.
>How is it so hard for the rest of the world to grasp that Trump did not get voted in by the people of the US?

Trust me. I get it, only 1/5th of the total population actually voted for him. But that doesn't change that he was legally chosen by the electoral college to be the leader of the nation via the system that everyone has agreed to by participating in it. It's not like he cheated. 62,979,636 people did actually vote for him, that's not an insignificant number.

>He lost the popular vote which is the actual vote of the American people.

Let's be 100% factual here: It literally doesn't matter that you feel that the popular vote is more important than the electoral college, because that's not the system that is currently in place and I don't see any protests or realistic attempts to change it. Perhaps people are just too comfortable.

I personally think the electoral college (and super-delegates for that matter) are a complete fucking shambles and needs change, but people are still supporting the government and keep on paying taxes to allow the wheels to keep on turning.
Scotland should have their IRS audit Trump's golf courses, and their fire, work safety, and environmental inspectors inspect it.
Land formerly owned by Trump?   You are overvaluing it.  Give me a dollar and I will reluctantly take ownership.
First of all, you're going to need a [bigger balloon.](https://www.crowdfunder.co.uk/uploads/project_images/6b/36/380704/a3d1b0c7d6225ebafb6e2ce2265df886f38e137a.jpg)
That's not true. Abortions have been legal in Scotland since 1967. You may be thinking of Ireland which has recently held a referendum over legalising abortion.
And hundreds of republican lawmakers that simply do not care.
Yes you do. You collectively design and operate your state and are therefore collectively responsible.
Fine. 

You still deserve to suffer.
Stop making excuses. 

You’ve had how long now to fix things? How many passes do you think you deserve?

If Iran were putting babies in cages, do you think that would be in the column of “reasons for sanctions and/or intervention,” or would you shrug and say that we just need to give Iran another 20 years to sort it out?

Americans are blind to how atrocious and broken their country is. You have a much lower standard for yourself than you do literally anybody else on the planet.
The top level comment is not fighting, they're right and pointing out that this is the wake up call.
No they wouldn't. It's called socialism, and you nationalize that particular item.
On a lighter note, do you really have 11 fingers?
Actually it means, unfairly prejudiced for or against someone or something. And that is exactly what happens in this thread!
So you have no issues commending him when he does something good?
But instead of speaking out against all the other people that are the same way, you just wanna hate Trump! Sounds legit!
So by asking why this is/someone is biased makes me biased...
Yep, a lot of peopel don't know this. As a Scotsman, I am well aware. Japan has some fine whiskey.
And how exactly is he doing that? Do you know of any relevant case law?
So you're okay with colluding with foreign powers if you agree their politics?

Sounds eerily familiar.
> Fox News is biased, so I'm going to be biased too!
Fox News is the right, CNN is to the left.

As a subreddit, “/politics” does not have a balanced approach. It is extremely bias and all it does is bash trump.

Change the name to something anti trump
M-m-monsters? I'm scared, hold me.
Naw
Sounds like you’re rooting against the country you live in cause you disagree with the current president.
Ye, we did that for Russia too, good point. So we should sanction the US AND Trump, just like we did Russia AND Putin (and his friends). Not only Putin.  
Plus, he got voted in by the people, gerrymandering aside, he is in office now. The people carry blame too.
And yet it’s not enough for you to do something.
Oh stop. The game was to get the most electoral votes. He won, get over it. 

You think the teams with the most yards or most points wins in a football game?
GUYS WE HAVE TO CRASH AMERICA'S ECONOMY TO SAVE AMERICA

PLEASE GIVE US MORE TARIFFS, GET THAT RURAL FUCK OUT OF HIS JOB SO HE'LL THINK TWICE BEFORE DARING TO VOTE RED, HE'S OUR RIGHTFUL VOTE

you sound like actual slave owners, ironic.
Imagine being this stupid.
It would be much preferred to what we have now thank you...
This, the longer this is allowed to continue, the greater the damage to the US and the world.
The world order that has existed since the 1960s has not been good.
The peanut farm?
The EU targeted specifically red states. They are sure responsible.
[Umm, that case was thrown out 5 months ago.](https://washingtontimes.com/news/2017/dec/21/judge-dismisses-Trump-emoluments-clause-lawsuit/)
Whaa? What does that have to do with this? Of course I don't think he should receive 'gifts' and whatever else from foreigners while in office, but this story isn't about that. And my comment isn't either.

What I mean is that, strategically speaking, I disagree with the thesis that targeting Trump industries with tariffs would be beneficial in negotiations at this stage. Each country has to act in its own interest, and being the first to directly attack the president per se by targeting something close to home would be foolish. 

And could the European block as a whole do this in any practical or strategic sense? It is just not a fight you would want to pick right now. 

We all want to see people 'stick it to Trump,' but we should use our head right? I mean especially when people want someone else to stick it to Trump for them. This escalation just makes me feel uneasy.
lol this guy thinks people who comment here are informed.

also, *muh emoluments clause*!!
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
I'm all for punishing Trump but if American voters don't learn from this, we will be back here again. They obviously learned nothing from the Bush years so unless the public really understands that Republican policies screw them over, they will keep voting these morons in every other election cycle. Trump is nothing without his cult following.
No, we need a strong leader like Obama who will stop Russia from taking Latvia, just like he stopped Russia from taking Crimea.
It’s very hard. So much hatred if I come here. Downvoted to hell every time.
Stop complaining and answer the questions
I thought the EU market was larger than the US market.
except it is not just smaller economies. China has huge tariffs against western goods. China isn't a small economy...


Then you have the EU who unweighted tariff levels are 50% higher than the US unweighted tariffs.
I feel sorry for you, living your life not realizing that the damage the United States Government is doing to both the rule of law and to families that may never be reunited is abhorrent.

I hope you have more compassion for your own children (should you have any).

As it stands, these assholes are content to pillage and burn the country to fill their own personal coffers. The fact that *anyone* thinks that is acceptable is rather pathetic.

EDIT - just to emphasize the point:
https://thinkprogress.org/fox-friends-immigration-these-are-not-our-kids-brian-kilmeade-e23e766b7974/

>Fox & Friends host Brian Kilmeade defended President Trump on Friday by pointing out that while his harsh “zero tolerance” policy may have resulted in thousands of children being separated from their parents at the southern border, at least the kids affected aren’t Americans.

>“Like it or not, these aren’t our kids. Show them compassion, but it’s not like he’s doing this to the people of Idaho or Texas,” he said. “These are people from another country.”

I think that pretty well shows **exactly** what Trump and the GOP think of anyone that isn't a WASP...
The truly frightening thought is the knowledge that sociopathic trolls like yourself are in charge of things right now...
Allow me to correct you - I personally hadn't *heard* about this being an occurrence until recently. My fault, but it doesn't diminish the fact that this shit needs to stop.

Were it a D, a different R, or an I in office, I'd feel the same - this needs to stop.
source - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_current_account_balance  (i know it's a wiki, but it's easy reading) you can clearly see the US has the largest trade deficit compared to any other nation. 

the Left being Reddit (sad i had to explain this)

The US does not want multi-lateral trade deals. That's bullshit. You wanna deal with us, you should have to deal straight. NAFTA/TPP/EU-FTA=all favor the other side. 

why do you hate America?  why does a globalist government appeal to you?
If you're being assaulted, and you decide to fight back, does that mean you escalated the fight? 

That's literally what is happening. We have unfair tarriffs levied upon us, so we levy some tariffs, and now we're tht bad guy.
Everyone uses American dollars?
And what are those weapons?
Well, some Americans did vote for the toddler so its our problem. It will be their problem if more countries act like him.
It's getting close that both sides are nearing the point to just follow some easy solution presented. Frustration and helplessness tends to give way to a lack of rational understanding.   
Just about every past war was billed as a quick fix that would only take a few months maybe a year at the most to solve the problem. 
I even see this in board room issues.
I highly doubt the republicans would be this brazen at this point. They’re maliciously incompetent deliberately, but they’re not ‘bailout trump’ reckless. Let’s be rational here. They’re complicit in this whole mess but they’d be signing their own resignations with a bailout of dear leader.
It's still a thought experiment if it would happen.
Unless. They get hit with a blue wave in the mid terms
Yeah, they would just say they need to save the thousands of Americans relying on Trump's companies for their jobs.
>"Nobody creates jobs like me!"

Which to be fair, might be true. I imagine legal positions and junior prosecutor positions are seeing a massive increase in employment opportunities under the Trump administration.
What's another couple bankruptcies to the stack? Just business like, a smart person. /s
Then people just set up “charity foundations” that moonlight as money laundering platforms.
That's great in theory but tough in actuality for him. He developed the brand around himself. Really tough to divest and as Carter learned divesting is a good way to lose a family business. 

I wish there was an actual good answer to the problem.
Those guys love Trump so much they'd even help him mix in sand before dropping their drawers
It's so convenient. You can "pay" for "hotel rooms" without even having to stay there.
Trumpet: "Trump is a successful businessman!"

*quietly back-kicks Trump steaks, airline, vodka, magazine, university, casinos, and bottled water under curtains*
I assumed this would happen when I heard about the 30k a night rooms but I hadn’t heard anything more about it.
He only watches them fall because he uses them to launder money, doesnt means he will shut up about it if they fall outside of his terms.

Hell, even if he was innocent, he will still have something to say about it because it is a slight against him. Whatever he sucks or not at business, its still his ego on the line.
Link on that?
which China just proudlY recognised I think it was 5 patents from her company.
You think it was an accident? Bankruptcy for people like you and me is a useful tool that has years of repercussions, but in his position it allows him to walk away from liability. The businesses of his that failed could have been temporary laundromats set up to go nowhere that would have allowed him to profit without losing a dime of his personal wealth.
>all his companies have ever done... is fall.

If you disregard the ones that haven't and are the reason he was a major success before his bid for the presidency, then yeah, sure. Fail. Like any rational person I'm no fan of him, but that's no excuse to straight up being stupid, viva_la_vinyl.
That actually explains a lot about his presidency. He's just staying in his comfort zone.
I wouldn't mind failing like Trump.
Trump has allied with ISIS? TIL!
While Trump is hated, the transatlantic alliance isn't (at least not to any significant extent). Sanctioning a sitting US president would be a massive escalation of tensions in EU-US relations.
Would that really do anything? There is theory that his business is just for laundering money and barely anyone goes to his hotels, if that's true, then it would have no effect on him, no?
If he refuses to adhere to the emolument clause and continues manipulate events to make money then he and his family and everything they own is fair game.  
He is vulnerable because he wont follow the rules...fuck him.
"Why is it America's task to get rid of the Nazis?"  


Because it helps the world grow healthier? It's an ever present fight, and we're continuously becoming a global community more than just isolated pockets of countries. If you want to let fascism rise in the country with larger military spending than every other country combined... well, damn.
At this point he's a danger to the world, not just the US
It's dear Europe's task as Trump is attacking Europe and violating trade agreements.

Europe is entitled to select whatever products it wants for retaliatory sanctioning, though I'm not sure it's allowed to single out companies.
> Plus, why is it dear Europe's task to get rid of Trump?

Because the GOP is in the pocket of Putin too?  Think of EU as a therapist for the US' toxic relationship with Trump and GOP.  They aren't getting rid of Trump, but they are helping US understand the problem better.
He is actually actively campaigning against Merkel and fueling political divisions over there that could unseat her. So that would be a good reason.
 Because they're stuck on this rock with him either way. Remember when Europe thought Hitler was just Germany's problem?
Wouldn't the trumpenfuherer need to sign it before it becomes law?
Trumps and bullies take courtesy as something you must provide them, or the bullies claim that they are victims.

Trump threw a piece of candy at a world leader the other day with a condescending comment.

Trump knows nothing of courtesy other than to take advantage of others'.
Congress can't enforce anything.  They can only pass laws.  Trump can choose to enforce them or not.  Obviously he won't.  Congress can then impeach him if they want.
He would quit before divesting.
>Yeah but Congress has can enforce it right away.

They would if they weren't either feckless or complicit.
It'll never happen. At least, not until after November.
Or just impeach and convict which seems the most expedient.
Asking Congress to do *anything* **RIGHT AWAY** is a silly thought.
Pass a law to enforce the constitution?
I doubt that would be in their own interest because the arguments for divestment can easily be applied to all senior positions.
Trump has proven that the era of courtesy and unwritten rules needs to come to a close.
What has can we do?
Well that helps you in 2020, maybe. There's an equal chance that everyone will just blame Obama for the economy sucking.

If you targeted Trump and his rich friends personally, you'd have a better chance of stopping this madness right away.
Madlister commented below and brings up a good point:

>The really shitty part of this is, Trump and his cronies are all part of multinational conglomerates anyway. The entire US economy could wink out tomorrow, and these fuckers would still have mountains of illicit money and assets offshore to keep doing their thing.

Certainly, you can, and maybe should be targeting Americans, but probably for different reasons. In reality, by hurting the regular/lower class people, you'd only end up giving more fuel to the right-wing-hate-machine in which they would only elect worse people - we'd end up with a Putin instead of a Trump, with the largest military in the world and bases established around the world willing to ally with Russia and China (everywhere our bases aren't, more or less.)

By targeting the oligarchs, who are effectively running the system anyway, sure, some of that will trickle down to regular Americans too (real trickle down at work), but it puts the pain where it counts, and where it will have a real impact and have much significant less risk of backfiring.
The really shitty part of this is, Trump and his cronies are all part of multinational conglomerates anyway.  The entire US economy could wink out tomorrow, and these fuckers would still have mountains of illicit money and assets offshore to keep doing their thing. 

I hate this timeline.
If you really wanted to keep nutjobs like Trump and some of the crazy congressmen from being elected have someone buy Fox News and give them the mandate of, you know, reporting real news instead of being a propaganda machine. Red state people won't understand your tariffs against them as being a result of electing these people because they are brainwashed every day.
Because if you target everyone, Trump and the GOP will use that to pull people to their side against you. "Elect Trump and he will continue to fight against those Socialist/ Liberal Europeans who are attacking our economy."

But if you go after only Trump, you'll directly hurt the person who makes the decisions, and when he tries to rally the voters, they'll all just say "That's your problem, rich boy." While you're at it, target the other Sociopathic Oligarchs that support him, like the Koch Bros, Rubert Murdoch, etc. Hit them hard, and they'll turn on him. 

Your battle isn't with the American people, the majority hate him. He only won through a technical fluke following Russian manipulation. We don't want him either, and well do our best in November to elect people that will strictly limit his power, and literally handcuff him. The free world's issue is with Trump alone. Attack him with everything you've got, and he'll fold, like all bullies.
Americans can't act for months. Trump can act to remove sanctions immediately.
Hacked elections? Voter suppression? Gerrymandering? That's what got us here. Not much any of us can do about it right now. Meanwhile these people continue to amass power and corrupt the system that would allow us to depose them, without a civil war. The next time I vote, it might not even be counted. Yes target the head of the serpent not the body.
Frankly, you have a naively optimistic idea of how Americans understand these things.  Almost none of the electorate you need to convince is going to be brought to their senses by something as abstract as tariffs.  It's too easy to spin and the electorate doesn't really understand, or want to understand, the details of international diplomacy and trade.  I guarantee you: more tariffs are going to make the base double down.  Trump's campaign worked on broad swaths because they were terrified the economy is collapsing and he stoked fear of outsiders.  Outsiders putting pressure on the economy will make them  even more afraid and make them run back to Trump even faster.
You been paying attention to every election since 2016?
I keep telling people, even if you only failed to vote *against* Trump (rather than actively voting *for* him), you are part of the problem. I supported Bernie Sanders in the primary, but in the general election there were two choices: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and any other vote was tantamount to doing nothing. I'm certainly not saying that you share the same level of blame as actual Trump supporters, but your inaction also contributed to this result.
Por qué no los dos?
You should target the red state economies. Trump is the GOP's fault. It's not like he took over the party by force - they actually voted for him. 

The best way Europe can counter the GOP's awful trade policy is to see them out of power as a party, not just embarrassed for their leader.
The electorate *isn't* representative of the country. That is why.

That is also why many of us want to get rid of it. Guess who loves it? 

Those retaliating against the U.S. will be more impactful when they target the actual problem - and that is the GOP.
Except the electorate can't until 2020. We don't any sort of vote of no confidence like other counties have. We only get a say at election time.
Nuanced targeting sets what you're doing apart from what Trump is doing.  It is just as effective while denying him legitimacy.

Otherwise, you risk the population going "Trump was right we just need to stick through this".. not that some won't do that anyway, but in the nuanced scenario it's less likely amongst the people who don't already support him.
Please remember that over 2 million more of that electorate voted for Clinton.  It's the electoral college that our founding fathers out in place that's screwing us over.
You seem unaware of just how happily half of the US population will vote against its own interests if it makes brown people and liberals less happy.
Trump got 45.9% of the votes cast.
This.  We (Americans) need to learn. Young people need to get hot so hard we remember it for the rest of our lives. 

Xers and millennials could have stopped this. We didn't. We're complacent in this mess.
That and the stupid way the electoral college works. If I had the power I would rewrite the Constitution so there's no loop holes for people to jump through.
I agree, but then again it might backfire like it did with Germany after WW1
Because you presumably want the retaliation to be effective in modifying behavior. trump does not care about anyone but himself, if you want to change his behavior you need to punish him directly.
The answer is unfortunately simple: Trump doesn't care about the national interest, so harming the entire American economy doesn't help. Targeted sanctions against him personally might.
We can't remove them immediately. We don't have parliamentary law here. Even at state level, a recall election is rarely successful, and I am not aware of *any* US president ever being recalled. As much as I would love for it that to happen, impeachment and removal are our only (legal) options, and Congress will have to radically turn over in November elections for that to occur. 

What we need to do is overhaul our electoral process to 1 person/1 vote, rather than having an electoral college decide who to throw the entire state's vote for. In the 2016 election, there were faithless electors in Washington state who said they wouldn't give Clinton the state's vote (although the vote there ultimately did go to Clinton). This is absolute criminality, imo. We the people are supposed to have the say on who sits in our White House, who makes our policies. It actually isn't this way, when a candidate can win by 3 million votes, yet some asshole gets the electoral votes and becomes prez. This also happened in 2000 with W Bush.

I ask you to remember that of the 56% of registered voters who participated in the 16 election, 27% voted trump. 29% voted Clinton, and everyone else sat on their asses, choosing not to participate in one of our fundamental rights. Both candidates were NOT the same. It is a minority who put trump in office, not a majority, which is the fault of our election setup, not the voters, whose choice was clear.

That said, target us. We can suck it up long enough for him to fail miserably, and we can also change it back once he's out. If that happens after November, so be it. If we have to suffer til 2020, so be it. Maybe the 44% who chose not to vote will wake the fuck up because of this. When the country is in danger, and it was crystal clear to Clinton voters that trump was a disaster waiting to happen, ideals shouldn't take precedence over what's good for the country.
Hey buddy, "Our People" handled your Fascist problem back in the day & then spent a shit ton of blood and treasure helping to rebuild your civilization. We did not "punish" the European electorate for allowing the fascist problem to get out of hand in the first place.   


A little sympathy for those of us surrounded by the fascist today.  


Sanctioning Trump & Associate businesses would have the strongest impact on their trade decisions with the least impact on overall global trade. You don't want to reinforce the rift between Western Democracies, that is The fascists' goals.
That was the point of the article. Trump doesn't care about the US economy. He only cares about HIS economy.
Please remember the people did not elect him. The electoral college did. And that's something the sane part of our country has wanted to reform for a long time.
Target our economy but also take the chance to fuck trump over personally by sanctioning his companies
Please do just put the enitre country in the crosshairs - it'll be easier to work out on your end. No need to spare liberal states and districts from retaliation, because independents and liberals still need motivation to get out and vote.

But maybe try to hit the red states the hardest.
>It's not Trump or his lickspittles we try to bring to their senses

>It's your electorate we have to bring to it's senses

Terrible idea.  You don't understand the American psyche.

You overtly say you are targeting "all Americans" and you will have the majority of Americans - even "independents" and some "liberals" - bunker in and organize to destroy you.  We've done it before and we'll happily do it again.

I hate to say this, but the battle for America's soul as an electorate is an internal one.  You try to meddle with things and you'll only incur the wrath of people you are trying to "help."  It's just the way it is.  You will further entrench those buying the Russian-fueled propaganda, and you will alienate those who don't want to be used as tools of another foreign interest: you.

This is a schoolyard fight between a bully and the kid who is standing up to him: you're the friend who means well, and can cheer for your favorite side, but you shouldn't step into the ring... or you'll be the one who ends up with the bloodied nose.
Please explain to me how Trump's policies have had an effect on your personally before you claim victim hood status as a European . I for one don't give a shit about foreign views on American politics because it's all just trolling and no basis in facts .
EU has higher tariffs than the US. Trump said they should be 0% both ways.

Why not just have fair trade between EU and USA?
Which sounds like a magic bullet...but I dunno.   Where would leadership come from?

If no reelection...where is accountability?   Why not get in...and take all the bribes you can?
> . Where would leadership come from?
> 
> If no reelection...where is accountability? Why

The one weird thing that I've seen from this Congress is that in general, it's the neophytes that are the ones that are the most corrupt.

Limiting Congresspeople to 1 term basically incentivizes them to grift as much as possible.
I used to be in favor of single term limits for Congress but the more I've reflected on it over the years. I think a 3 term limit for the Senate (18 years) and 9 term limit for the House (18 years) ensure there is some continuance of policy and leadership (out government and society is too complex to tackle in a 2 year time span) but it would also ensure someone doesn't sit in Congress for multiple generations.
The first problem with that is that we will never have people in congress with experence, or connections to others who we need them to have connections to. 2 or 3 terms minimum would be best. 

> if we should limit Senate and congressmen

Just wanted to correct something here. Senators are congressmen. You probably mean Senators and reps or just congressmen.
I'm too busy enjoying all my tax cuts and the lowest unemployment rates ever. Now Trump is working on the car manufacturing industry again. Bring those back to America next.
The female equivalent.
I know what an erection feels like, Michael.
Sploosh.  Or the male equivalent.  Which I guess is just sploosh, but with semen
As I said, we aren't at the level of Russia.... however, encouraging these sort of actions is exactly what Russia wants so they can say, "Hahah see, you aren't any better!" They want the US to start getting treated like a shithole country.

Also, most countries have laws in place to not directly create punitive regulations against specific companies. Those companies could return and fire back that they are being unfairly targeted. Yes, corporations can sue the government when they interfere with their business. Claiming a "trade war" isn't suffice. However, a country can target industries as a whole (keeping the relative free market still in place by not picking winners and losers). 

I agree that the trade war is stupid. Trust me, I'm an econ nerd and understand the nuances... But this is NOT the way to handle it. It's not only illegal, politically dicey, but plays exactly into what Russia is hoping for.
I agree, but like I said elsewhere... It's probably illegal. A country can't just target a specific business and choose them to be a loser. They can only choose industries as a whole as a roundabout way. So if they want to hurt Trump, they have to be willing to hurt essentially a very important market for them: tourism. Then from there it's a game of attrition, which ultimately, I think they'd win, because yes they'd lose out in the short run, but Trump doesn't have close to the amount of money to float as a nation does. He'd get weak really quick.

But either way, you can't target his businesses specifically. Not only is it illegal, but it sets really bad precedent. It's like having a domestic dispute within the family, there is a limit of how far the argument and dissagreement can go. Placing a regualtion directly targetting a specific business of a specific politician is crossing the line from having a heated family disagreement to, okay, now we are enemies, I'm moving out, and we aren't talking anymore.

That's what Russia wants. Russia would cream if they were able to pressure EU to start turning on the US so heavy handedly.
Not to be a buzzkill, but that would set an absolutely terrible precedent
China is basically just going to put tariffs on everything, because they export more to us than they import from us, so their tit for tat strategy means they're going to run out of things to put tariffs on.
They should *also* exclusively target businesses owned by the President.
They misunderstand our electorate; the red state voters are going to vote Republican as long as Republicans keep being racist, pro-gun and anti-abortion. They'll find someone else to blame when their economic situation worsens.
It's different because we ended up sanctioning Russian oligarchs as a direct response to military aggressions in Europe. We may get to that point with American oligarchs, but advocating that we accelerate straight to that point is to advocate that we behave like Trump.

> his businesses fucked hard internationally to understand how much of a little bitch he actually is

I understand the reasons for your sentiment, but it's hard to distinguish your rhetoric from that of a Trump supporter when you express yourself like that.
The EU is not about to make policy in an attempt to mirror US policy. I get your frustration, but there's no point the EU becoming like the US in order to remedy the US. The EU will impose targeted sanctions should things escalate to that point... Targeted sanctions against Russia are a response to Russian military aggression in Europe, not because the EU happens to find the Russian president objectionable.

You're getting measured support from your friends, not their joining Trump in the clown show. International diplomacy, rather than reality TV... It would do more damage than good both internationally and internally within the US for the EU to start behaving like Trump. He'd like nothing more.
Yes that's it. It's basically madmax over here, except with free healthcare.
*Muslamic rape gangs
Oh, shit, we'll be back on that freedom fries bullshit.
Nah, this is the beatings will continue until you stop punching us
I live in California I don’t need to vote for president if I don’t want to. I always do but my vote is pretty meaningless
Lemme reiterate: 

Trump lost by *2.9 million votes*. He didn't win because of apathetic voters, he won by playing the idiotic American voting system.
And I'd bet you that a third of your country would also vote for someone just like Trump.

We're not somehow unique, here. 

Half of the British people voted to fuck themselves over in a truly nationalistic fashion and leave the EU. 21% of the French public voted for Marine Le Pen, another far right candidate. 12.6% of Germany voted for the AfD, yet another far right party.

The difference between the UK, France, Germany, and the US is simple: you all have more than two parties. For our one Republican party, you could have anywhere between two and a jillion right-wing parties for less-toxic conservatives to align themselves.

30% don't necessarily support Trump, 30% support *the Republican*. 

I know plenty of Republicans who support Trump because he's the President, not because he's Trump. If another, better candidate came along, they'd dump him for them. 

But that's not how the GOP is set up, and we can't change it.
Its that all of these are all American GOP policies. Why on Earth do Americans think they are expempt from the repurcusions of their actions?

Tarrif our countries and not punish the companies who paid for that legislation?
Thank you.  It needs to be done.
Good, kick the economy over here into the crapper.  You get the people that voted for Trump to suffer and maybe if the stock market goes to shit the rich won’t want him in.
Talking about governments putting tariffs on certain things. if you as a person want to buy something American, then do so... let the governments do their thing against Trump & his stupid tariffs
Anyone that voted for him deserves what they get IMHO...
Again, the voters had nothing to do with this. The Electoral College overrode the election. The votes didn't matter.
We can and do look East. American products in Europe are replaceable.
So what, if you think Europe is going to bend over and take Trump's tiny little orange sausage up its arse then think again.
I wouldn't give *him* that much credit.
He's a coward and greedy basic bitch. He'll drop the tariffs rather than lose the money.
It requires a 2/3 majority to change the constitution, which is pretty much impossible to get for this issue because Republicans have a huge vested interest in keeping the electoral college. It’s getting more and more unlikely that a Republican candidate is going to win the popular vote given America’s demographics, but they do consistently win the electoral college. Given our current system which advantages Republicans so much there isn’t a way to change that system- it’s a catch 22. 

Voting out Republicans can happen, and winning future elections under the current system can happen, but it’s not realistic to change the electoral college.
The electoral college voted against the will of the people.
For real. Where's the striking? Where's the march on the Capitol? Americans have been cowed into thinking anything more than clever signs is too much.
*HMRC in the UK
Inspect it with a microscope. There will be violations of law at every turn. This is Trump, he doesn't do anything legally.
That’s why I said here and there while talking about Europe as a whole, I was talking about both of those individual countries
I'm not advocating targeted sanctions solely at trump. However, it makes sense to me that if you want to make a political point via economic sanctions you target the guilty party and his supporters, not your allies within that country.
LOL that's not how this works. That's not how any of this works. There is no country in europe where this would be possible without legal grounds.
If you’re the son of a Spaniard blacksmith who’s dad was killed by a six fingered man and you’ve sworn to avenge him... then, uh, definitely no...
In having an opinion, there is no requirement to like Trump, his supporters, or give them fairness in any discussion.  That's not how opinions work.  

Works the other way around, too.  It is what it is.
Unfairly prejudiced against trump?  that's an oxymoron.
No, from what I can see, Trump has earned all of his opposition.
Define "something good." An example would help.

The problem is that I have never seen Trump embrace any policy or course of action based on the merits of the policy. He doesn't care what the impact of his policies are. He doesn't care about analysis, he has no desire to truly understand short/medium/long term impacts, pros and cons, tradeoffs. His sole criteria for anything he supports seems to be how big an applause he gets for it at a rally. Can he spin something as a "win." He is easily manipulated by whoever he spoke to last.

Also, he constantly changes his position. He's for something today, he's against it tomorrow, with no compelling reason why.

So if Trump happens to do something that I think he should do, there's little comfort there. Chances are he hasn't thought it all the way through, if you read the fine print it's actually helping him financially or helping Russia, and he may change his mind tomorrow. 

For example--meeting with Kim Jong Un was better than escalating nuclear tensions with him, but -- we gave Kim a hell of a lot in that event, and got nothing in return. Further, the escalation of tensions were largely Trump's fault in the first place. And finally--who really benefitted from that meeting? China and Russia.

Which is the final concern--the ONLY thing that Trump has been consistent on since he started running has been helping Putin. Which has done, repeatedly.
If you need to ask, then there's no explaining it to you.
> And how exactly is he doing that?

There's an ongoing lawsuit, if you weren't aware.
I am ok with wold democracies helping us to regain our own democracy. 

Not colluding with them, asking them to collude with the American people to help eliminate, a progressively fascists regime.
here's the thing bucko, your emperor is colluding with a foreign power enemy.  This is not the same thing.  Its like the US asking its allies for help to get rid of a Russian Agent/Enemy(trump).
Before we go any further- you're admitting that you believe Donald Trump collude with a foreign power, yes?
Colluding with friendly nations (e.g. the UK, France, Japan) is perfectly fine.

Colluding with hostile nations (e.g. Russia, North Korea) is NOT fine.
Good reply... but Reddit hasn't ever claimed to be 'fair and balanced'. Whataboutism sucks when you are not on the delivering end I suppose.
I hate Fox News. I’m going to base my entire political ideology around them.
Is your nose plugged? ^^^Its ^^^a ^^^joke
I disagree with fascism and the GOP party and Trump are leading us into that direction.
Sounds like you put up a strawman
You are aware that he seriously lost the popular vote aren't you?
I mean, it's only led to the greatest period of global prosperity, knowledge, and technology in human history. What use is that?
According to fucking who
Carter gave up his peanut farm to become president without breaking the emoluments clause.  

Presidents should not be able to profit from their businesses when in office, nor be able to create conditions where their businesses would prosper based on their policies and new laws.
President Carter gave up the family peanut farm, in order to diversify.
But he is receiving gifts. He makes money when he has foreign leaders stay at his hotels. He has conflicts of interests with his businesses.
It's merely cutting the POTUS off at the legs. Europe is NOT obligated to enrich the POTUS just because he is the POTUS and is raking in $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ by pimping out his elected office.
You seem really confused. Here’s an opportunity to do more research and be more informed. Unless you’re purposely being obtuse?  Seems my basic call to for posters to be informed has triggered some right leaning users.
You might be interested to know [what Scott Adams says about people who respond with 'lol'](http://blog.dilbert.com/2016/08/09/how-to-identify-the-brainwashed/)
i could probably write a bot with more depth than most r/politics posters. hilarious how they regurgitate propaganda so dutifully
We do you think the Constitution is a wasted concept?
For complete has had having decisions to be going like more and as it is? Yes, being more like having really does go, because it do.
I don't know if you know this or not. But Latvia is a member of NATO and Ukraine is not.
Combined, yes. But it's made up of member nations, each of which is a smaller economy with its own needs to reorganize and protect itself, which is why the EU is not the center of international trade.  
  
This is all pretty simple stuff.
The EU is composed of several smaller economies which have their own needs for protection and thus play a secondary role in international trade, and China is not perceived as a trade ally by the west precisely because of these kinds of games.  
  
If the plan is to make the US's reputation with western trade allies as poor as it is with China, then the tariff plan is working great. My interpretation has always been that, at least publicly, this isn't the goal of the tariffs.
> Trump and the GOP think of anyone that isn't a WASP

You know Trump's Catholic right?
I was commenting on the terrorists statement before you added that huge edit. 

I don't think families should be separated, but I dont know what the best solution would be for this situation. Nobody seems to have a clear answer and just grandstanding for political points. The fact this has been taking place for years and only now being talked about because Trump is pres is why I see it as trying to score political points.
See, when little kiddies speak in hyperbole only, it's very hard for adults to take them seriously.

Consider that a life tip, since your dad obviously didn't give you any.

👊
>source - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_current_account_balance (i know it's a wiki, but it's easy reading) you can clearly see the US has the largest trade deficit compared to any other nation. 

That's a much different claim from "we're the highest taxed country in the world in terms of trade" and you know it. Provide a source for the claim that the US has the highest tariffs put on their exports like you originally claimed.


>the Left being Reddit (sad i had to explain this)


TIL Reddit is only used in the US.

>NAFTA/TPP/EU-FTA=all favor the other side. 


I'd love you to tell me how a free trade agreement where both sides literally have the exact same conditions and benefits can benefit one side.

>why do you hate America?


Since when do i hate america?

>why does a globalist government appeal to you? 


What are you talking about lmao.


Why does a 1940's isolationist government appeal to you?
Tanks, stealth fighter jets, aircraft carriers and tactical nukes.
umm if trump wanted a bailout and they didn't do it they'd probably get voted out by trump supporters for not supporting their dear leader.
It depends on how it goes. You're absolutely right about what you said but there's another side. If a foreign country truly is trying to influence America by affecting Trump's companies it seems that it might be fair to fight back and bail them out or whatever is needed.

You seem to be looking at it from a Trump's policies are terrible point of view but I would assume the Republicans see it as Trump's policies are good. So to them it's important to protect the country from being strong armed. 

But as OP said this is why president's should divest themselves.
>I highly doubt the republicans would be this brazen at this point.

They are locking babies in cages!!
Bailing out Trump assures them the good jobs with the lobbying firms, etc once they DO get voted out or retire. Please don't be complacent about the depth and strength of the oligarchy when it comes to looking after their own.
And it's not like Trump's companies are actually successful enough to have a significant impact on the economy if they go bankrupt . . . again. They aren't the auto manufacturing industry or the banking industry, they are just a bunch of tacky resorts/golf courses/apartment buildings/money laundering outfits.
Did you think we'd even be discussing this two years ago? Have the Republicans shown ANY sign of change or heeling chump in a bit?
They wouldn’t dare turn on the trump fan base as that is the only people who will vote for them.  As it has been said already, trump can murder someone on camera in a public square and his supporters would still vote for him.   He has captured stupid America and has them lock in orbit around him.
Republicans clearly aren't being rational. Trying to apply reason to what they will or won't do is going to cause trouble. Always assume the worst intentions and the worst outcomes when dealing with Republicans.
*Very Stable Genius™️
> divesting is a good way to lose a family business. 

Life is all about tough choices; "Should I run for President" is no exception.
Good point. It’s even better for money laundering than, say, a car wash.
Your usual broom closet, Comrade Torshin? The nightly rate is $499,999. Yes, we have a special offer on today.
Don't forget the ufl
It depends how you define "successful businessman".

Trump got paid to put his name on a shit ton of products that failed. He got paid for it.

If your vision of success is earning money, Trump got paid.

If your vision of success is having a name that is respected and a reputation for integrity, then maybe that's why you don't consider Trump a successful businessman. Because you don't have "businessman values".
It looks like the only businesses he has that have had any success at all are flooded with dirty Russian money.  I wouldn't call that a major success...
Which ones haven’t?  The only thing he ever successfully was rent out his name.  Any venture he went into tanked.  They were mostly little better than grift.  He’d get investment money for x venture, do it cheap as shit, pocket the money, venture fails, declare bankruptcy, bam.
Billions of dollars in debt, legal issues up, down,left, and right, and Putin's puppet? No thanks.
Yes, because all terrorists (or more specifically in this case, rogue actors) are by default Islamic. Ooooh wait, no, you're just a bigoted racist judging entire groups of people arbitrarily.
Sanctioning a sitting president's _allegedly former companies_.
And it's not like Europe can rely on the US in NATO as it is anyway.
Not really.  

The EU would be sanctioning a private citizen not the office of the President.  

Again this is why we have the emoluments clause that he is ignoring and the Republican controlled Congress is complicit in allowing its abuse.

If he wants to play stupid games let him win stupid prizes.
> Sanctioning a sitting US president would be a massive escalation of tensions in EU-US relations.

And the US announcing nonsensical tariffs against all of its European allies isn't?

Additionally, there should be no need to sanction him in the first place, because he is supposed to be divested from his business interests but failed to do so.
> Sanctioning a sitting US president would be a massive escalation of tensions in EU-US relations.

He is owned by Putin, the EU-US relations are dead.  We, the US, need you cats to step up on this one because the GOP here is *not* going to do anything to stop Trump.
It would still hurt him. He has rich friends who still go to his resorts.
I think what he's asking is why is it up to Europe to suffer the fallout and potential negative consequences for cleaning up what is essentially our mess.
Still Europe is not in the business of removing other sovereign nation's leaders. I know it's a novel concept, but we just draw our consequences, like retaliatory tariffs, but we have no interest in toppling governments.
Congress can override the veto with a 2/3 majority in each house. Can’t imagine they’d have trouble getting enough Democrats to sign on to reach that bar.
With enough votes congress can pass laws without the president's approval.  This is all just academic though because the Republicans seem to *like* the corruption we are currently seeing.
If a law like that were allowed to come to the floor, it'd be veto-proof. But it'd never come to the floor

edit: because hypothetically, it'd only come to the floor if mcconnell/ryan had enough votes for it, or the GOP used parliamentary procedure to override the process; in either case, there'd be sufficient support on the GOP side and, as long as there wasn't some absurd loophole contained, all the dems would get behind it
>trumpenfuherer

Personally I prefer Cheetolini. Also not necessarily, Trump can't veto or pocket veto certain bills.
Just make up some sort of new scandal that implicates Obama and/or the Clintons and frame this as a way to tarnish their legacies.

Trump won't even think twice about signing it.
Yeah, pretty sure impeachment *is* how you enforce laws against the president.
[deleted]
Woah someone needs a civics lesson the executive can't choose to ignore enacted laws legally.
The Emoluments Clause states that Congress must approve the emolument. They are simply ignoring this portion of the law.
So you’re saying it’s a win-win, then.
Think. 

Pray. 

Think about praying.
His tariffs are going to tank the economy, going to be hard for Republicans to distance from that next presidential election.
TBF we should do both.
Which is why targeting them (and not the people) is a better idea, imo.
That's because people that wealthy are beyond the state. Their power crosses borders.
The base will move to Alex Jones.
They will understand it if lots of people loose their jobs, how well the economy is perceived to be doing is a major factor in american elections. Some people say more or less the only factor.
You assume it is for sale.
Paying into the system to replace one sore spot in our media system for another is not a solution. 

Fox plays a part (a significant one).

Sinclair plays a part (has much broader reach).

NRA plays a part (look at any of their cable channel programming, it's a rather hilarious bias).

By buying out Fox, it feeds more money into the system for them to encourage a different outlet, new or existing. The solution has to solve the problem, not offer a band-aid.
well the electoral college had something to do with it as well as the 40 + per cent of the voting population who stayed home and refused to vote.
I fully believe if we had ranked based voting and it had been used in the primary's and the general we would have seen a completely different result. Fully believe this needs to be the big change we go for when this is all done.
Sure, sure, because nothing saves a globalized economy like a war between the US and Europe, amirite...oh wait...no, that's not gonna happen, because in a globalized economy (which didn't exist back in 1914) that would bankrupt everyone.
That's stupid to punish states who are already actively fighting trump tooth and nail. Especially with states like California. We are now basically the only state that has enough influence and is liberal enough to fight back effectively. New York is a close second but trump has divided that state so much they are to busy fighting amongst themselves.
Maybe it works better if you and the rest of the sane people finally have the balls to shut the whole fucking country down.All i hear is country is to large, my job, kids, wife, food and so on, well in a few years from now you dont have a house,job, food and so on and so on, because they way it goes now it will only get worse.
You're living on another planet.
>We've done it before and we'll happily do it again.

If you refer you to WW2: You had almost all of Europe, and Russia, and China with you on that stunt. And even so, it was a close thing...even Eisenhower himself gave DDay a 50:50 chance of failure.

Now imagine what would happen, if you were actually stupid enough to attack a unified Europe, as an aggressor. You wouldn't last a week.

And military considerations aside: If the US declared war on any European country, you are bankrupt the very next day...because, in 1944, the world economy wasn't globalized...in 2018 it is. We are separate nations on paper only, but the reality is, the entire industrialized world nowadays, is one economically conjoined twin. Attack us, and you bleed yourself out.

Terry Pratchett described it perfectly in his Diskworld Novels:

>*The strategy before Vetinary took over was: "Attack us and we destroy you!" Under His Lordship however, it became the much more effective: "Attack us, and we call in the loans. By the way, that's my money that paid for your armor. And take off your helmet when I'm talking to you, you dirty little debitor!"*
> it's all just trolling and no basis in facts . 

Right wing American politics in a nutshell.
The fact that congresscritters don't get prosecuted is a "gentleman's agreement" to not go after politicians after they're out of office. I think that would have to go for this idea to work, but it would also make politics a lot nastier with the use of the law as a weapon. On the other hand, crime in office is very under prosecuted right now so maybe an overcorrection is in order
Or, the ones that stick around are the only ones who don't get caught.
Did you actually get much from a tax cut? My household pulls in over 6 figures, but I get most of my income from working instead of investments. I must be part of that shitty middle class who didn't benefit except marginally which is to say... not enough to matter. I know my in-laws are above 7 figures and they took a fancy vacation, but frankly they could do that anyways. Who actually got a tax cut that was useful? The poorer citizens and super rich? Did you do anything fun with your tax cut or just invest it?

I'm not sure I care much about our car industry due to the buying experience. I find most of the experience to be distasteful and would prefer to buy direct from the manufacturer, but the car dealership lobby is pretty powerful in my state.
You must be so busy you haven't noticed gas prices going up to eat a portion of those tax cuts. You must be too busy to think about the cost of steel tariffs going into the price of those cars. That'll make the cost of cars more expensive so fewer people will be able to buy them so manufacturers will have to lay people off. You must be too busy to pay attention.
A trickle of hope?
You just had your first erection. Congrats.
A lady-boner.
That's not true. There is a historical precedent of sanctions being applied directly to specific organizations and corporations.
Yes they can; what law do you think protects foreign individuals from any/all countries?  The US and other countries already target individuals under the Magnitsky Act (and similar foreign law).  Nothing prevents a country from sanctioning companies owned by a foreign leader.
Kinda like Trump fucking over our allies?

In a normal administration that is not an issue because the administration has divested themselves of businesses and uses blind investments.  Can't really target them then.
No it wouldn't. We don't need a cabinet full of investors.
If the vested interest they hold is purely professional, they should have nothing to worry about. This would only effect the people who are willing to invest in the questionable financial world of the president. Something tells me it's the same group of people who say things like, "stop and frisk isn't illegal and it should not matter if you have nothing to hide" and those are the people who deserve it the most.
Maybe but China plays dirty politics. 

In SE Asia if a country isn’t doing what China wants it doesn’t make the ambassador talk to other ambassadors and then there high level talks and so forth, instead they look at which party is in power and go after their congressmen. Suddenly a region can no longer export soy beans to China; another no longer exports rice; and another tin. Now all these regions start voting for the other guy unless they change their position. Rinse and repeat.
Not much of a choice since they can't be seen backing down to trump by their own people. So until trump presidency is done the common folk in both countries got no choice but suffer the tariffs.
> exclusively target businesses owned by the President.

The president isn't the only problem.  

> also exclusively

?
> military aggressions in Europe

Economic aggression is similarly intense, especially when its being sold specifically as a national security/national defense measure (seriously, he's having people commission a report that German automakers represents an existential national security risk, he's weaponizing international trade). I don't, necessarily, agree that Europe should sanction Trump directly unless there is, specifically, international law his tariffs have violated but it would be effective.
To be clear, I agree with what you’re saying, but a man can dream.
Which is useful for when some War Boys try to steal your blood and you need to get patched up.
I mean...MadMax without free healthcare is just a graveyard right? 

Europe has it because they need it. Unlike the stable a United States where people...don’t get shot everyday /s
Doesn't sound so bad...
You had me at mad max and lost me at free healthcare... eww. r/murica
And we can have three years of university at a price of around 600$
Depends on what congressional district you live in. Actually, all congressional districts, barring a "Freaky Friday" where the candidates switch bodies should support their Democrat.

I hope we can switch to a ranked voting system soon so we can stop bitching about "spoiler candidates" and start voting for our preferred candidates.
There’s a thing about that. What’s it? A parable, or a paradox, or a fallacy, or something. Something about yeah it seems like your vote doesn’t even matter but you still have to vote because if everyone thought that then it would matter or something. I’ll try to look it up.
These stats mean nothing to those outside of the states. If your system allows for someone to become president with 2.9 million less votes, that's not the president's fault at all, regardless of who he is or how you feel about him. Keep in mind the number of American adults who didn't vote is around *110 million votes*.
Then it’s up to *American’s* to fix an *American* system.

An *American* Electoral College put an *American* citizen in an *American* Political Office.  It’s not for Europe or anywhere else to fix American issues.

We don’t want to, shouldn’t have to... and most importantly, American’s shouldn’t, as “*The free world*”, have to rely on people to wipe up their spilt milk.
Then the American people should have been playing the same game. They should have concentrated on winning the electoral college, not winning the popular vote.
Listen at the end of the day we the American people ARE responsible. If it weren't for decades of apathetic voters we might have abolished the electoral college by now. I voted for Hillary but we are ALL responsible now. It was our choices both past and present that led us to this point and it will only be our choices and actions that get us out of it. Pointing fingers does us no good, only taking action will.
The idiosyncrasies of the American voting system contributed to the outcome, but the ultimate root cause was low voter turnout - [only 55% of eligible voters cast a ballot in 2016, which was a 20 year low](https://www.cnn.com/2016/11/11/politics/popular-vote-turnout-2016/index.html). One could argue that *that* was a direct effect of having two shitty candidates, but that does not absolve abstaining voters of responsibility. 

Abstention means you're giving the votes of everyone who does participate a fractionally higher impact, in terms of how many American citizens each vote represents. By abstaining from the vote, you're essentially voting by proxy proportionally according to the votes of the people who actively participated (specifically, in America, across voters who participated in your particular state). So, let's say you were a PA voter. If you didn't vote, using the [2016 election numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_2016) - [specifically, from Pennsylvania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election_in_Pennsylvania,_2016), you still voted the following way:

- you cast .4818 votes for Trump

- you cast .4746 votes for Clinton

- you cast .0238 votes for Gary Johnson

- you cast .0081 votes for Jill Stein

- you cast .0035 votes for Darrell Castle (who even is that?)

Now, Pennsylvania's voter turnout was markedly higher than the national average in 2016, at 70.11% (using wikipedia's number here), but that still means that each voter was effectively voting for 1.43 (~= 1/.7011) eligible voters in the state of Pennsylvania.

Now, let's look at some data (sourced from [here](http://www.electproject.org/2016g) using "VEP highest office" - and yes, it's a little wonky since there is no candidate data attached):

    # glossing over my shitty sed manipulation in bash to get the data to look pythonic enough
    >>> sorted(states, key=lambda s: s[1]) 
    [('Hawaii', 42.2), ('West Virginia', 50.1), ('Tennessee', 51.2), ('Texas', 51.6), ('Oklahoma', 52.4), ('Arkansas', 52.8), ('New Mexico', 54.8), ('Arizona', 55.0), ('Mississippi', 55.6), ('Indiana', 56.4), ('California', 56.7), ('South Carolina', 56.7), ('Utah', 56.7), ('New York', 56.8), ('Nevada', 57.3), ('Kansas', 57.7), ('South Dakota', 58.5), ('Kentucky', 58.7), ('Alabama', 59.0), ('Rhode Island', 59.0), ('Idaho', 59.1), ('Georgia', 59.2), ('Wyoming', 59.7), ('Louisiana', 60.0), ('District of Columbia', 60.9), ('North Dakota', 60.9), ('Alaska', 61.3), ('Montana', 61.8), ('Illinois', 61.9), ('Missouri', 62.3), ('Nebraska', 62.5), ('Ohio', 62.9), ('Pennsylvania', 63.6), ('Vermont', 63.7), ('New Jersey', 64.1), ('Connecticut', 64.2), ('Delaware', 64.4), ('Florida', 64.6), ('Michigan', 64.7), ('North Carolina', 64.8), ('Washington', 64.8), ('Virginia', 66.1), ('Oregon', 66.4), ('Maryland', 66.6), ('Massachusetts', 67.2), ('Iowa', 68.4), ('Wisconsin', 69.4), ('Colorado', 70.1), ('Maine', 70.5), ('New Hampshire', 71.4), ('Minnesota', 74.2)]
    >>> numpy.mean([p[1] for p in states])
    60.80196078431372
    >>> numpy.std([p[1] for p in states])
    6.044329385792301

So:

- We will consider Hawaii an outlier; it's slightly over 3σ from the mean of the dataset (60.8 - 3*6.04 = 42.68, and Hawaii had 42.2% VEP). But just for fun: each actual voter in the state was exercising authority for ~2.36 voters (!)
- Minnesota came in highest, with 74.2% VEP. This means that each voter in the state was exercising authority for 1/.742 ~= 1.35 eligible voters
- West Virginia came in lowest, with 50.1% VEP. This means that each voter in the state was exercising voting power for 1/.501 ~= 2 eligible voters.

The point of this is to demonstrate that if you're not voting, you're effectively ceding your voting authority *to everyone else that does vote* - and thus, if a particular demographic/group is, for some reason, more motivated to vote in a particular election (say, I don't know... white supremacists, for example?) and end up voting in higher proportions than the general populace, *you not casting a vote effectively gives that fringe group, with whom you may categorically disagree on pretty much everything, more voting power*. 

**TL;DR**: GO VOTE. ALWAYS, NO MATTER WHAT.

Finally, to be clear: the American electoral system (specifically, the Electoral College) is very, ***very*** far from perfect, but it would at least be more serviceable if everyone got off of their damned asses and actually exercised their agency as an eligible voter.
No, there is no freakin' way a third of Ireland would vote for Trump or someone like him. Our politics may be boring and conservative, but they actually are not insane. 

And if you really feel that it's not a problem, and you can't change it, then you are part of the problem.
That doesn't answer the question now does it? Why do you want your own citizens to be harmed because of who they voted for? Do you not believe in a democracy? Should I have wished for Obama voters to be disenfranchised by his policies? I guess I'm just not petty enough.
The voters absolutely did not have "nothing to do with this". The Electoral College is faulty but it's not a roulette.
Not from Russia they aren't. Russia exports one thing: gas. That's it.
It was the people's responsibility to vote for electors who wouldn't do that.
The electoral college voted for their constituents voice. There is no reason Nebraska’s reps should vote for a candidate just because California, a vastly larger state did (unless their people voted for it).

The US is vast and the needs of its people in different states are diverse. The electoral college gives proportional voice to smaller states who get forgotten by people from bigger states who have no idea what the needs of their people are, or vice versa.

Its almost like this was previously debated in the nations founding and these reasons for this process are just as legitimate.
Her Majesty's ~~Royal Coin~~?

Revenue & Customs*
Exactly.
Yeah, fuck it. Make it legal. Time for this asshole to feel some pain. 

Penalize companies who do business with him.

Regulate the fuck out of everything he tries to do. 

Building inspectors should be crawling up his ass.

There are ways to make life hell for any business using the regulatory apparatus.
The sub reddit is called /r/politics... it's supposed to be a place for All Politics to be discussed not a President hate forum!
I dunno, pardoning that woman that was doing life for drugs seemed like a good thing to me
This sounds legit! And you wonder why the human race is in peril!
No. I'm saying that you supporting collusion with foreign powers against him for political reasons is no different than his supporters not giving a shit IF he did collude to win the election.

Basically you are both supporting using any means possible to reach your goal.
It's not a matter of Reddit being fair and balanced. Honestly, be as unfair and unbalanced as you want, that's your prerogative.

The issue is the name of the subreddit "/r/politics" isn't an accurate depiction of what the community represents.
I probably still smell better than you buttercup. ^^joking

See I put in joking
Again that wasn’t the game or his campaign advisors would’ve had him just hit the west and east coasts and screw the rest of the country. 

He played it for electoral votes and won a majority of them thus making him the victor and your president.
>Presidents should not be able to profit from their businesses when in office






Of course, this is just your opinion. Not what the emoluments clause says.
Ok... so just read up a bit in that. 

Honest question about this... As far as I understand it the emoluments clause is intended to keep let's say Carter from pushing pro peanut laws/actions or Trump from pro hotel... correct? If I'm off there then my real question is irrelevant.  Carter put his farm in a blind trust. Got it back right after and it was in debt yada yada... what would have stopped him back then or Trump now from using their power to help their respective industries?
Is he soliciting them to stay there? Unless he is, I don’t see the problem.
Whoa, check out the pot calling the kettle black! 

"But her emails"
"Obama was a Kenyan-born Muslim"
"MAGA" - Implying that America wasn't already great before your dear leader took over
Obviously. Yet, you can't say "He will just say some people tell me Latvia wanted to be Russian" isn't anything more than an obvious reference to Crimea.
>The EU is composed of several smaller economies which have their own needs for protection 

> the EU needs protection and they get to tariff us and we cant tariff them because the EU is so needy.

Adorable 😂, what a shinning socaialist success story
To be honest, I did not know he professed to be Catholic. The way he acts and treats others, I find myself wondering if he knows anything about religion beyond thinking he's ordained by God himself. 

I guess a more accurate statement would be Trump and the GOP don't care about anyone that isn't a Rich White Old Male (I don't have a snazzy acronym for that one).
If it's been taking place for years is, honestly, irrelevant - it needs to stop, one way or another. My understanding of it is that the policy has, for a long time now, stated that adults crossing into the US illegally are supposed to be prosecuted; what's new is this "Zero Tolerance" enforcement that is separating families unilaterally. 

Again, as I understand it, the reasoning for this is that Trump wanted to see these asylum seekers and others crossing the boarder detained until their court dates; however, there are strict limits on keeping children in detention centers. As a result, the "solution" that was found was to strip children away and send them to the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), part of the Dept of Health and Human Services - this allows the parents to be detained longer.

> In early April, the Department of Justice announced that any migrant referred for illegal entry by DHS officials would be prosecuted. On May 7, DOJ and DHS announced that any migrant caught by Border Patrol agents after crossing illegally would be sent to DOJ — and, therefore, prosecuted.

The Zero Tolerance policy was put in place by Trump;  he himself claimed they piloted the policy in mid 2017. This policy was re-iterated by Sessions in May 2018:
> That’s why the Department of Homeland Security is now referring 100 percent of illegal Southwest Border crossings to the Department of Justice for prosecution.  And the Department of Justice will take up those cases.

>I have put in place a “zero tolerance” policy for illegal entry on our Southwest border.  If you cross this border unlawfully, then we will prosecute you.  It’s that simple

As Sessions said:

> “If you are smuggling a child then we will prosecute you and that child will be separated from you as required by law.”

Now, one other problem is that, previous administrations would take at the very least the Asylum seekers, process the asylum request *first*, and then determine how to handle the Federal Misdemeanor that is entering the US Illegally. Trump and Co are, in an effort to charge as many as possible and use fear to prevent people coming to the US, referring EVERYONE to the DOJ for prosecution. This means many, many more children being separated.

Another problem is that, per US and International Law, those seeking Asylum cannot simply be sent back to their country of origin to be killed. We, as a country, are violating international law. We are sending people to their deaths. We are breaking up families that, quite literally, have no chance of being reunited. We are traumatizing young children.

In all seriousness - we are committing acts of *terror* in order to *scare others away from entering the US*.

Per Merriam Webster:

terrorism - **the systematic use of terror especially as a means of coercion**

Per the Oxford English Dictionary:
terrorism - **the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.**

Per NATO:
NATO defines terrorism in the AAP-06 NATO Glossary of Terms and Definitions, Edition 2014 as **"The unlawful use or threatened use of force or violence against individuals or property in an attempt to coerce or intimidate governments or societies to achieve political, religious or ideological objectives".**

Per the FBI:
https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/terrorism


We are, by the very definition, engaged in terrorist activities. We are using fear, intimidation, and punishment to instill terror in others as a way to pursue political goals.

I'm sorry, but that makes us the bad guys.
They're not getting re elected anyway. They've lost every single election since he's been in office. Trump supporters are loud and small.
They’re smart enough to know when to write articles of impeachment and to “call it like it is”. 

The Republicans are corrupt, but they’re not fucking morons like the president.
The Republicans can see it from whatever side they want, they’re not stupid and know how bad the optics of bailing out this president.

Notice how very few republicans are coming to trump’s defense any more.
“Looking after their own” only goes so far, and the reason why most political pundits don’t call our society an oligarchy is **because** the government wouldn’t do something so crass. 

Trump can steal from the tax payer on his own all he wants, the republicans would **never** bail out trump organizations. These republicans would kill the bill like they always have.
That’s just not how they work politically. The worst intentions and bad outcomes aren’t through incompetence, it’s malice. Don’t act like Republicans (especially trump) don’t know what they’re doing-they know **exactly** what they’re doing.
Do we really want to limit our choices of who becomes president though? It’s also a choice for us. Do we really want to limit that?
In which he managed to not only tank his team, but the entire league
unabashed sales guy here: I think you're conflating businessman with salesman.

IMHO, A truly good businessman is going to go for option B, knowing damn well that getting paid follows right behind it. A sales guy isn't going to give a fuck about B, because he doesn't care about the business, he cares about the sale.

When Trump says "I make the best deals", he's truncating he rest of the thought: "For me."

He's in this thing for himself, not for the business at large.
Trump lost everything he had and the creditors decided the assets they repossessed where worth more with the brand name on it so they let him keep it. Getting your version of Trump's business from Trump himself is a bad idea.
>It was the ruskies all along

This reminds me years ago when I used to troll white supremacists. Except it was da jooz with them.
I'm really wondering what would happen if Nato were needed to stop Russian aggression somewhere in the next year. Like takeover of Estonia or something clearly bad but not actual WW3.
There's currently no difference between citizen trump and the office of the president. That's kind of the problem
Europe is already suffering the consequences of his presidency via a trade war. Tensions need to be escalated by them anyway, might as well be against Trump personally.
Schadenfreude?
Thanks Neville.
When did "applying pressure to someone who is economically threatening your livelihood" lead to "removing other sovereign leaders"??

It's something in Europe's interest, that helps them, that is within their power to do. There is no "it is your responsibility" even being suggested, you made that part up to argue against.
>but we have no interest in toppling governments

LOL, yeah, right...
After we saw how well the Russian sanctions bill (that had a veto-proof majority and that trump signed) was enforced, how would a new emoluments bill (which is already a part of the constitution anyway) help?
It's not getting enough Democrats that would be the problem.
There aren't enough Democrats in either house currently to reach that bar.
I want this just before he's kicked out of office. Strip him of everything then kick him out of office then prosecute him for all he has
We all have to remember that everything that Trump is doing is supported by the GOP.  When he's out, they'll immediately start blaming Democrats for the problems that they created, and if they can't get that to stick, blame it all on Trump.  He is the tip of their shit iceberg.
I think it's a little more subtle than that.  The Republican party is shrinking, and has been since the Tea Party days.  The part that is still left is far more crazy and extreme that the party was in general when GWB was president.  There is a demographic shift at work in this country that actually works against the Republicans (and is also a huge source of fear for the Republicans).  But the gist of it is, if you intend to run with an "R" next to your name you need to appeal to the people who are still Republicans, and the majority of them seem to be fairly extreme.  I think that something like 87% of surveyed Republicans support what Trump is doing, and IMO opinion that's because there are very few moderate Republicans left to dilute the crazy.
You have it mixed up, at least slightly.  The judicial branch interprets, while the executive enacts and enforces.
I believe 3 of the 4 roles you listed as being 'judiciary' are part of the executive branch.
Yes, they can. Andrew Jackson did, and he still retained power. Obama decided that he would no longer enforce DOMA before it was ruled unconstitutional by SCOTUS.
Not if we get Pence.
More like:

Pray that Republicans learn how to Think.
Trump won the presidency by convincing Americans that every other country was kicking our asses economically when it was obviously not true. I'm not going to make any assumptions about how Americans will react to a bad economy in two years.

Edit: reach -> react
> It's your electorate we have to bring to it's senses, because your electorate put those asswipes into office in the first place...and it can remove them as well.

Obama did it. And most Republicans would believe them anyway because of Obama.
I'm willing to bet that Democrats take over the House in 2018 (maybe not the Senate, but maybe they get that too), then the Republicans start blaming any fallout from the tariffs on Democrats, as Trump vetoes any bills they push through to remove the tariffs.
Maybe both, who knows.  

Shit just has to stop  It's 2018, we should be a century or more past the mentality of these fuckin' troglodytes by now.  But somehow they persist and replicate.
Plus he's already saying the other economies are attacking us, so hit him where it hurts, his brand.
Fact is, due to your servile "trickle down" mentality there's no clear separation between you and the oligarchs whose boots you lick. I believe your euphemism for that practice is "human shields". Rest assured, we will strongly condemn it.
~~Because then you're just an asshole fucking over people to reach the target person, which in turn sours ever more relationships, and perhaps plays to his narrative of "they're (other countries) coming to get you (the common man)", making the people of a nation actually hate the people of your nation. Especially if you have the power to do a direct sanction on his own shit.  He doesn't care about us,  so you'd be punishing victims.~~

 Read this comment all wrong. I apologize for doing the dangerous task of texting while still half asleep.
Fox news and Trump will just convince them it's Democrats and brown people's fault.
Funny you should say that. Fox News is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group which is a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox. And if you've been paying attention to the news Disney just bid 71 billion dollars to buy 21st Century Fox.
Indeed. However if everyone who opposes Trump had come out and actually voted for the only other viable candidate there is every indication that the electoral college would not have mattered.
Try it then.
> If you refer you to WW2

I'm not.  At all.  You don't have to look nearly as far back to find an example.

All we need to be is convinced that someone else is entering the fray, trying to mess with our "free will" or what-not, and we'll turn on you, no matter how well-intentioned you are.  Nevermind you will galvanize a side currently being told they are under foreign influence, as they can just point at your efforts and accuse the same.  You would undo any progress currently being done from within.

So your entire response is off-base.

Especially your quote from Pratchet:

>Under His Lordship however, it became the much more effective: "Attack us, and we call in the loans. By the way, that's my money that paid for your armor. And take off your helmet when I'm talking to you, you dirty little debitor!"

You know what's worse than threatening to call in a loan?

Having the debtor refuse to pay a loan and/or declare them worthless.  What then?

The only country that has us over the pot in that regard is China.  And even then, they tank us, and they tank you by extension.
I definitely agree that is the state of GOP politics for sure. It is also the state of leftists politics. Only centrist dems are reliable to vote into office now.
> I'm not sure I care much about our car industry due to the buying experience.

Well then feel free to spit in the face of any poor American who is unemployed because their local automotive factory closed down. Tell them you'd rather they starve than see Trump make America great again.
A snail-trail of serenity?
Yes, but there is justifiable reasons... For instance, our sanctions against ZTE is because their close ties to the Chinese government poses a security threat, or things like Russian businesses which are sanctioned due to their involvement with Russia's illegal activities. Other times it'll be because a corporation has an unfair advantage in the market, so they need to be reigned in.

No one places sanctions against a political figure's businesses, just for political leverage. That's illegal. Technically the state could pass a law specifically allowing it and protecting itself, which would be bad for market confidence, but also would be extremely toxic for the countries relationship. It brings things from, "This is a dispute between allies which is getting heated," to "Okay, now we crossed a line."
Yes, are you not understanding what I'm saying, and how those exceptions come to be (Mind you, I went to school for international relations years ago... I know this field very well)?

Magnitsky act was a reaction to Russia's invasion into Crimea and the sanctions were directed at Oligarchs who play a role. They CAN target individuals, but it has to be more than just, "We don't like the negotiations of this politician". There has to be warranted reasons behind it, respected by the international community.

It also sets very very bad precedent that I'm sure Russia would love to see.
Certainly true. But there's only so much hard they can hit Red States before they run out of things to put tariffs on and have to go on to other things in order to respond in kind to Trump's tariffs.
Basically.

That's one reason Trump is such a poor choice purely from an economic point of view. He's used to negotiating from a position of strength, and relying on that strength to force people to cut their losses and give him what he wants - and he has always intended to do that on a national level, because he sees the US as being in a position of strength. Of course, it doesn't work that way, because nations are not businesses, and a politician who gets bullied is a politician that doesn't get reelected, and politicians are great at forming alliances against a common enemy. It should have been easy to predict, (and it was), that Trumps tactics wouldn't work on the world stage and would instead just unite the rest of the world against us to whatever degree we pushed things.
It almost certainly would be effective. Should he start targeting German car manufacturers then I think the suggestions being made are more in line. I think you put it well, "weaponizing international trade". He does indeed appear to be doing this and it's why I don't think an escalation unlikely... We're not there yet however, and it's not something that's appropriate to pre-empt. We'd just be doing what we're accusing him of being about to do... I understand you're explicitly not suggesting that.
I support your sentiment, really I do. I don't think your frustration is out of place, and I'll be cheering on the strongest measures as they're warranted... We're contending with Brexit over here, so I get how unpleasant the situation might be for you.
Tell me about it. Three raids last week! And that's the rural arse-end of Bavaria! Although they tend to come for my beer and bratwurst, primarily.
And where are you from? What's the ratio of voter to non-voter in your country?
The majority of Americans agree with you. We're working on it. Our transition into a well connected, technological society has been, well, terrible. We can't even begin to agree on what are facts right now. My only hope is that the rest of the world sees this for what it is, there is a dark sector of America that has the reigns of power right now, and it is just as scary to the majority of Americans who didn't want to see these morons come into power as it is to the rest of the world. We're working on it, please don't forget that there are still hundreds of millions of Americans that want to see us evolve and progress. I'm about to turn 30 and I've never in my life seen people my age more active and involved in the political sphere. It's going to be a long, hard struggle for us to wrangle power away from baby boomers that are going to do everything they can to hold on to it and keep influencing America to be what they want it to be, but I think we're ready. It's just unfortunate that any of this had to happen for us to wake up.
And as the single most powerful country on Earth (not dick sucking my country, it's an objective fact here), you have to realize you're asking the impossible.

If the US goes to hell, the rest of the Western world is going to *hurt*. So much of the current global system is based on our position as the keystone, and if we crumble, you will too. 

Our government was DESIGNED to be very difficult to overhaul. We're talking 2/3rds of all states need to get together to make those changes, something that hasn't happened since the 60's.

We *need* help to unfuck this situation. We *need* our allies to fly interference against foreign powers who manipulate our elections.

If we don't get that, we fall. And you do too.
They did.

Like I said, evidence suggests a foreign power fucked with the system. 

It's not like other nations are better capable to stand up to that sort of shit.
Obviously we were...? It’s not like Democrats were like “LOL let’s just get more votes who tf cares where?”

The issue is that there is almost no way to get a 2/3 majority to change the electoral college.  Long term demographics changes (ie people congregate in major urban centers, especially liberal people) mean that a system which gives political representation based on geography, not actual people living in a place, will always advantage conservatives.
Oh we're fucking taking action, but we can't do that *while Trump is in power, while the GOP is in control of house and senate, and while Russian is throwing rocks at us from afar*.

We *need* the rest of the world to hassle Russia while we unfuck our system. If we can't get them to help, we're toast anyway.
Obama's policies didn't harm people like trump's are... nice try though.

it's not about wishing harm on anyone... it's about showing American voters what they actually voted for so they can use democracy to get rid of the tyrant.
Think he meant China.
I think you might be misunderstanding how the electoral college works. The issue is that the system for choosing electors is set up such that conservatives are going to be able to elect more of them. A conservative isn’t going to choose a liberal elector, they’ll choose the ones who do do that.
[Hmmm....where have I seen this before...](http://www.dedokwerker.nl/images/fotos/winkel_beklad_jood.jpg)
So if a foreign power implement sanctions against Trump, how exactly am I colluding with them?
Most people are liberal, therefore most political discussion will lean liberal.

Funny how that works.
I was reading through the comments, when I saw yours I immediately thought of trying to say "no" in a sarcastic way while my nose is all stuffy. 

Was funny to me at the time lol.
No man fuck the electoral college man like every state that isn’t new york or california is fly over shit and their opinions like don’t matter man cause they’re fucking hillbillies dude.
So, you support lower taxes on the rich, higher costs for everything on the poor, innocent children being used as clubs to force the political will of a party, corruption at the EPA and on and on??
You are right, it says "prohibits federal officeholders from receiving any gift, **payment,** or other thing of value from a **foreign state** or its rulers, officers, or representatives."  

Carter didn't have to give up the peanut farm, since he could still sell to only Americans, technically not breaking the clause.  But Trumps making money of of China, Russia, etc. right now.   

He needs to give up the peanut farm because he is already in violation of the emoluments clause.
I would assume that would be outside of a President's power.  Checks and balances are supposed to prevent that.
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/foreign-groups-stayed-trump-hotels-report-article-1.3759297?outputType=amp

https://thinkprogress.org/former-mexican-ambassador-trump-hotels-6fc52c7ce8f5/
Have you been paying attention to the IG report at all?! Those emails sure don't look so innocent that's for sure.
It was merely an obvious reference to Trump being a pathetic toady when it comes to opposing Putin. His cowardice and capitulation in front of Putin is legendary.
socaialist?
Yeah the WASP thing has largely died out, it stuck out like a sore thumb in your comment as I so rarely read it any longer. I think Kennedy, being Catholic himself, was the beginning of the end of that.

As to Trump, he's about as lapsed as a Catholic can get, so couldn't blame anyone for being unaware that it's his denomination (or rather his heritage).
>If it's been taking place for years is, honestly, irrelevant - it needs to stop, one way or another. My understanding of it is that the policy has, for a long time now, stated that adults crossing into the US illegally are supposed to be prosecuted; what's new is this "Zero Tolerance" enforcement that is separating families unilaterally. 

Zero tolerance meaning anyone who crosses illegally is being prosecuted. People going to official ports of entry are not experiencing this same issue. (I have seen a select few cases of it happening, but not a majority of cases by any means)

>Again, as I understand it, the reasoning for this is that Trump wanted to see these asylum seekers and others crossing the boarder detained until their court dates; however, there are strict limits on keeping children in detention centers. As a result, the "solution" that was found was to strip children away and send them to the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), part of the Dept of Health and Human Services - this allows the parents to be detained longer.

What would be your suggestion of what to do to these kids when their parents cross illegally? Detain them with their families AND other criminals? Just let them all in if they come with kids?

>> In early April, the Department of Justice announced that any migrant referred for illegal entry by DHS officials would be prosecuted. On May 7, DOJ and DHS announced that any migrant caught by Border Patrol agents after crossing illegally would be sent to DOJ — and, therefore, prosecuted.

So we are enforcing our border laws?

>The Zero Tolerance policy was put in place by Trump;  he himself claimed they piloted the policy in mid 2017. This policy was re-iterated by Sessions in May 2018:
>> That’s why the Department of Homeland Security is now referring 100 percent of illegal Southwest Border crossings to the Department of Justice for prosecution.  And the Department of Justice will take up those cases.

This administration has said from the beginning how important border security is and this is how they approached it. Past admins have stressed the importance of border security as well. Pretty sure Obama administration deported more immigrants than any admin before him. Trump is certainly trending this way.

>>I have put in place a “zero tolerance” policy for illegal entry on our Southwest border.  If you cross this border unlawfully, then we will prosecute you.  It’s that simple
>
>As Sessions said:
>
>> “If you are smuggling a child then we will prosecute you and that child will be separated from you as required by law.”

Right. They are doing this ACCORDING TO THE LAW CURRENTLY IN PLACE. Trump signed an EO to stop separation, same as Obama, and I assume he will likely get sued, same as Obama, for not upholding the law.

>Now, one other problem is that, previous administrations would take at the very least the Asylum seekers, process the asylum request *first*, and then determine how to handle the Federal Misdemeanor that is entering the US Illegally. Trump and Co are, in an effort to charge as many as possible and use fear to prevent people coming to the US, referring EVERYONE to the DOJ for prosecution. This means many, many more children being separated.

They're referring asylum seekers who come to a port of entry and request asylum with all proper steps? If so, I haven't seen any evidence of this so would need you to show that with a source.

>Another problem is that, per US and International Law, those seeking Asylum cannot simply be sent back to their country of origin to be killed. We, as a country, are violating international law. We are sending people to their deaths. We are breaking up families that, quite literally, have no chance of being reunited. We are traumatizing young children.

We are not requiring anyone to return to their home country, there are plenty of other countries they can go to if they would like to claim asylum from their home country. Many are coming from central America and travel through multiple countries to get here. I understand the US is safer than most, if not all, countries south of our border, but we cannot be the western baby sitter of every single immigrant claiming asylum, no matter how badly we want to help.

>In all seriousness - we are committing acts of *terror* in order to *scare others away from entering the US*.
>
>Per Merriam Webster:
>
>terrorism - **the systematic use of terror especially as a means of coercion**
>
>Per the Oxford English Dictionary:
>terrorism - **the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.**
>
>Per NATO:
>NATO defines terrorism in the AAP-06 NATO Glossary of Terms and Definitions, Edition 2014 as **"The unlawful use or threatened use of force or violence against individuals or property in an attempt to coerce or intimidate governments or societies to achieve political, religious or ideological objectives".**
>
>Per the FBI:
>https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/terrorism
>
>
>We are, by the very definition, engaged in terrorist activities. We are using fear, intimidation, and punishment to instill terror in others as a way to pursue political goals.

I entirely disagree. Our border policy is pretty clear. Cross illegally and you will be prosecuted. We are literally following our laws that are on (and have been on) the books for many years. Just because we are actually enforcing the law now does not mean we are using intimidation. And violence? What violence has their been? 

>I'm sorry, but that makes us the bad guys.

That is a matter of opinion. I dont agree with the family separation, but also feel it is unsafe to have kids in detention centers with other adults (some potentially dangerous).
idk dude i hope the blue wave happens but we need to be ready for the democratic party to fail us again.
Trump supporters are loud and ~~small~~ fat. FTFY
[That's](https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/kansas-house-special-election-district-4) [not](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2018/04/25/the-republican-win-in-arizona-was-another-tough-night-for-the-gop/) [remotely](https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/nation-politics/republican-wins-special-election-for-oklahoma-house-seat/) [true.](http://www.governing.com/topics/politics/Republican-Wins-Tennessee-Special-Election.html)

You're thinking of the fact that they've [lost support](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/04/25/us/politics/special-election-results-shift-democratic.html) in every election since Trump, not that they've lost every seat.  Keep volunteering/canvasing/phonebanking and make it a blue midterm.
That might be questionable about some of them at this point. :)
Yes, of course. If a person can't decide between making themselves richer and serving the nation, then we might end up with someone who forces the government to frequent their establishments and pockets that (taxpayer) money for themselves.

Like now. With Trump. 

That's not even getting in to the obvious problems of bribery and, as we're discussing, a vector of attacking the president.

No, there's literally zero upside to allowing the president to maintain vested in his or her businesses. None at all.
> In which he managed to not only tank his team, but the entire league

But that was actually the point all along.  Trump wanted to be an NFL team owner.  When he talked with the commissioner he was basically told there is zero chance in hell of that ever happening.  So he bought into the UFL so he could own a major market team, and his eventual plan was to make things contentious enough with the NFL that they would eventually merge (much like the WHA/NHL and ABA/NBA merged in the 70's) and then his team would be one of the biggest and most likely to survive the merger.  That's probably half the reason he spends so much time attacking the NFL to this day.

Here's the really short version: https://www.si.com/nfl/2017/09/25/donald-trump-fought-nfl-once-he-got-crushed

Here's the longer version: https://twitter.com/jeffpearlman/status/1003824528760291329
>He's in this hing for himself, not for the ~~business~~ the country and human beings he represents at large.

I bet if you asked him if you could snap your fingers and pick one of two things to happen: 1) The US public is guaranteed happiness and prosperity (including him) for the next 50 years but he must step down OR 2) He gets to be President for as long as he wants, he'd probably say something like, "Well you'd get the first one once the second one happens so I'll pick number 2."
Well... I'm not conflating them, but lots of people are.
I can see how that would totally remind you of that, as long as you completely ignore the mountain of evidence that has been revealed that shows all of Trumps dirty 'business partners'
I don't for a second think Trump would go to war with Russia. He'd renege on NATO paragraph 5 with some bullshit excuse.

Luckily, Russia isn't interested in geographic expansion, just in money. It's a mafia country, and the military actions it's taken (in Georgia, in Syria, in Ukraine and currently in Libya) are all aimed not at geographic expansion, but at maintaining its monopoly on energy delivery to the EU.
Protecting it's turf, as it were.
I think we agree on this.  

If the EU sanctions Trump affiliated companies and he complains about it with so much as a tweet then he is obviously violating the emoluments clause.  

It is a lovely trap.
Yeah? Can you give us some examples of governments the EU has toppled?
Technically emoluments and divestiture are different.

For instance, if a president owned an American flag business that used all American materials and labour, and sold only to Americans there would be no emoluments issue (because it deals only with foreign income.)

But that could still be a conduit for influence as American defence contractors could buy huge American flags and fly them all over the place to get in the presidents’ good books.

The emoluments clause doesn’t really cover the second case.
Always have to point out that the sanctions bill you're referring to has language included that gives the WH discretion in enforcement. Trump chose to exercise that discretion.
Well Trump would be breaking the law which would be grounds for impeachment.  You'd have to have a Congress to both pass that law and be willing to impeach the president.
Blaming the democrats for things they did has been the GOP MO for years now.
During Obama’s tenure, they complained about how nothing was getting done, while they were busy filibustering everything and voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act several dozen times instead of actually legislating. And now, they somehow manage to blame the democrats for policies Trumps administration put in place without legislation at all (I.e, there’s jack all that could be done by any democrats to stop it).
I think you are both right. He can't legally ignore enacted laws, but unless congress, or the courts, do something about it there is nothing anyone else can do.
Lack of sanction doesnt make it legal.  Also it's laughable you cite fucking Jackson as your example widely regarded as one of the worst abusers of presidential power.
He preempted his base that shit will go down because everyone hates America according to Trump. 

When his base starts to feel the effects of the sanctions it'll just confirm whatever they were told by Trump and trust him even more.

It's a vicious cycle.
That’s kind of a given, Democrats will believe what they want and Republicans will do the same, warping the circumstances to suit the situation. IMO, this is why we need to support third parties to break the duopoly. The two parties have been playing us against each other for too long.
Going to direct you to my other comment:

> Madlister commented below and brings up a good point:  
>  
>"The really shitty part of this is, Trump and his cronies are all part of multinational conglomerates anyway. The entire US economy could wink out tomorrow, and these fuckers would still have mountains of illicit money and assets offshore to keep doing their thing."  
>  
>Certainly, you can, and maybe should be targeting Americans, but probably for different reasons. In reality, by hurting the regular/lower class people, you'd only end up giving more fuel to the right-wing-hate-machine in which they would only elect worse people - we'd end up with a Putin instead of a Trump, with the largest military in the world and bases established around the world willing to ally with Russia and China (everywhere our bases aren't, more or less.) By targeting the oligarchs, who are effectively running the system anyway, sure, some of that will trickle down to regular Americans too (real trickle down at work), but it puts the pain where it counts, and where it will have a real impact and have much significant less risk of backfiring. 

I think you're suggesting that the GOP will use Republican Fodder as human shields if you were to try and sanction their leadership? My very suggestion is that, while that may happen, the alternative (sanctioning the people instead of the leaders) is like deciding to shoot all bystanders, instead of just shooting the villain and having some collateral damage of willing hostages and henchmen. Not doing either is the equivalent of letting the villain take the world.

I mean, what's your solution otherwise?
well we could go back and forth on it but realistically HRC didn't campaign in certain areas against being advised to do so, which is my understanding those are the electoral votes that changed it in his favor? (i could be misremembering)...at the end of the day. The other guys sucks so hard and his supporters all suck too is a terrible campaign slogan.

neither of them convinced over 40% of americans to vote. i don't blame trump supporters for voting for trump but i do blame them for continuing to support him nor do i blame people who didn't vote for HRC. at least these people participated in the process. we may hate the result, but they participated.

voter apathy is a huge issue in this country. i really hope folks are realizing that and move their ass in 2018. 

in any case, time to look forward instead of back. it gets us nowhere but divided.

good day to you!
I disagree. While not voting for Hillary may have allowed Trump the win, casting a vote for the candidate that you support the most is fair representation, regardless the viability of the candidate. It should not be a choice of "which do I **not** want to take office" but "which candidate represents me best?"

The problem is that not everyone believes this and there's plenty that jump on the bandwagon of the two party system (for both of the two sides). Only votes for Trump made the outcome the way it has become.

Personally, if I feel a candidate does not represent me, I will not vote for that candidate. Period.
Why are you talking to people like they’re personally doing anything and you’re personally doing anything about it?  Log off FFS.

FWIW the rest of the world *is* targeting you and *you* are going to do nothing about it.
As I mentioned my state has a strong lobby which also has plenty of momentum and money. They pulled in Porsche and Kia recently with a big ole manufacturing plant. I guess we can change the slogan to "Make the Rust Belt Great Again!" or "Close Down Foreign Plants!". I dunno what rubbed you the wrong way man, but you're pretty much begging for contentious responses. I'd still be interested in how you spent your tax cut if you don't mind sharing the information.
Either way, we are headed into uncharted waters. People in Canada are calling for the invalidation of US pharmaceutical patents.
I agree that it's a very bad precedence, but you said illegal.
The other portion which makes it an apples to orange comparison is the idea of open operations versus grey and black operations. I would like to make a distinction between the types of grey operations Russia exercised over the 2016 elections and brexit versus something more declaratively open attempting to influence foreign nations internal politics and policy initiatives. While I think the latter should be avoided in most cases, it is much more acceptable in the world at large to varying degrees. Grey operations and black operations, like what the CIA has done historically in central america or Russia has done recently globally, are very different than openly declaring policy, such as sanctioning a foreign leader, along with the cause and desired outcome.
You seem like a well read and reasoned individual. How is Brexit? I read a few headlines here and there and none of it looks good. 

I apologize for not knowing but with this administration and their daily actions and regular life there’s only so many hours in the day to stay informed.
Yeah,they have to stop burning our politicians in the streets!
I envy your v8s.  

We have Immortan Joe over here. Waiting for him to be taken down.
I'm from Canada, we had 68&#37; voter turnout in our last federal election.
Your allies are foreign. We cannot interfere to prevent interference. That's like fucking for virginity.

We probably shouldn't put out an economic hit on your chief executive's personal interests. I'd consider that an attack on the US political system. You don't need another one of those.

We don't want to fuck with your system since we want to be your allies in 10 years time. 

Also, we trust that you will fix things over there. You're a tough bunch, you'll manage. And when you're done, we'll still be friends.

Good luck!
Unless there were foreign soldiers threatening to shoot you if you didn't vote for trump, all that means is enough Americans were convinced by foreign powers to vote Trump into office through the electoral college.
Alright, then you failed to win the same game. Still your fault. Democrats should have been making more of an effort to get votes from the non-urban population. If you know that political representation is based on geography, then that's what you should have been focusing on. And assuming you did, then you clearly failed. And that's on you.
I disagree. What policies did Trump put in place that are negatively affecting voters? Obama only added to our national debt & left millions who had insurance without after his unaffordable care act. Now, what on Earth has Trump done?
Oh.
Yeah, that's true, Europe has been strengthening ties to China.
Really? How exactly is the electoral college set up so conservatives are able to elect more electors than liberals?
You almost had me lol
You realize he lowered your taxes as well, right? Or are you that fucking naive that you cherry pick pieces of information to make it sound like you know what you're talking about?
>foreign **state**




I enjoy how you keep saying he's in violation as if it's concrete fact. Which, of course, it's not.
So then what's the importance of the emoluments clause?
So three things. First article proves nothing. It’s the equivalent of a guy taking me out on a nice date and thinking he’s gonna get laid. If they made the assumption and weren’t told to stay there, it’s on them. 
Second, the Article states that Arturo Sarukhan, who served as Mexico’s ambassador to the United States from 2007 to 2013, tweeted on Tuesday that a former U.S. diplomat told him the U.S. State Department’s protocol emphasizes to world leaders that they should use Trump’s D.C. hotel for official visits.  If he is no longer Mexico’s ambassador to the US, why would he be in contact and arranging plans to meet in DC. The third, I’d like to see the US state department protocol that says foreign dignitaries should stay at Trump hotel. If there’s proof of that, I’m in agreement that would be in violation of the emoluments clause and should be prosecuted.
Fair enough -
> Zero tolerance meaning anyone who crosses illegally is being prosecuted. People going to official ports of entry are not experiencing this same issue. (I have seen a select few cases of it happening, but not a majority of cases by any means)

So we are going to hide our immorality behind a veil of "lawfulness"?

> What would be your suggestion of what to do to these kids when their parents cross illegally? Detain them with their families AND other criminals? Just let them all in if they come with kids?

Perhaps do what was being done before - process the asylum requests when that was the case? For the rest, figure out something better than inflicting irreparable emotional trauma upon children. 

> So we are enforcing our border laws?

If a law is unjust, it should not be enforced.

> This administration has said from the beginning how important border security is and this is how they approached it. Past admins have stressed the importance of border security as well. Pretty sure Obama administration deported more immigrants than any admin before him. Trump is certainly trending this way.

Actually, Trump + Sessions are taking it and cranking it to 11 - see below.

> Right. They are doing this ACCORDING TO THE LAW CURRENTLY IN PLACE. Trump signed an EO to stop separation, same as Obama, and I assume he will likely get sued, same as Obama, for not upholding the law.

So reinterpreting the law in the most reprehensible way possible is OK?

> They're referring asylum seekers who come to a port of entry and request asylum with all proper steps? If so, I haven't seen any evidence of this so would need you to show that with a source.

It applied to anyone seeking asylum. 

> We are not requiring anyone to return to their home country, there are plenty of other countries they can go to if they would like to claim asylum from their home country. Many are coming from central America and travel through multiple countries to get here. I understand the US is safer than most, if not all, countries south of our border, but we cannot be the western baby sitter of every single immigrant claiming asylum, no matter how badly we want to help.

Except there aren't "plenty of other countries" they can go to; leaving the North/South American Continent would require resources many of them simply do not have, nor have access to (a ship capable of crossing the ocean, for one). They cannot even go to Canada, because they'd have to get THRU the US first.

> I entirely disagree. Our border policy is pretty clear. Cross illegally and you will be prosecuted. We are literally following our laws that are on (and have been on) the books for many years. Just because we are actually enforcing the law now does not mean we are using intimidation. 

Trump has already admitted that intimidation is the intent of this operation. It's also ridiculous, as illegal crossings are actually lower than they have been historically:
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/07/us/politics/homeland-security-prosecute-undocumented-immigrants.html

> “Yes, we have this spike in Central Americans. But the overall undocumented flow is at historic lows,” said Seth Stodder, a former assistant secretary of Homeland Security in the Obama administration who also served as policy director for Customs and Border Protection during the Bush administration.


There's no reason for this kind of emotional abuse to happen.

> And violence? What violence has their been?

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/violence
Violence 1a : the use of physical force so as to injure, abuse, damage, or destroy

We are abusing these kids, damaging them emotionally (and sometimes physically, such as by locking them in cages where nobody is available to change their damn diapers)

> That is a matter of opinion. I dont agree with the family separation, but also feel it is unsafe to have kids in detention centers with other adults (some potentially dangerous).

Then perhaps instead of throwing people who are simply looking to find a better life somewhere in concentration camps, we should improve our official channels? 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/07/us/politics/homeland-security-prosecute-undocumented-immigrants.html
> Under United States and international law, asylum seekers are afforded the opportunity to seek protection, and the overloaded immigration courts are not up to the challenge, he added. “Brutally separating young children from their parents is not a response worthy of a great and humane nation,” Mr. Stodder said.

Lets make it possible for those who are seeking asylum or entry to actually see it happen *before* what they are trying to escape from kills them.


The simple fact is, we have postured America to be some paragon of moral fiber, prosperity, and the "best nation on earth"... it's time our actions reflected any sort of reasonable justification for that posturing...

... or, we could simply let history repeat itself, and not take action until untold thousands of people are dead in these "detention centers". I know I'd rather not have on my conscience the knowledge that I stood by and allowed that to happen.
Last time everybody knew it was the lesser of two evils. That hasn't changed. What's changed is that now people have seen first hand what disillusionment leading to not voting can do and are unlikely to repeat it.

Saying the DNC failed the people last election is true but also lazy. The electorate also failed themselves by not voting. I don't think that will happen again.
We are the democratic party. The reason the leadership is so limp is because every time they show some spine some part of the base fractions off.

I hope we don't let ourselves down again. If want to see a real liberal party, all we need to do is show up.
The Democrats must exist in two states of mind right now.

They must go out to vote with the feeling that the amount of turnout will make a win inevitable, but also carry on with the feeling that they'll lose nearly every election.

Assuming a blue wave as a certainty is putting way too much to chance.
This, 100%.
I'm not currently living in the US so I don't have a say but if I was there's no way I'd put in any more effort into putting a different brand of shit into power than going out and voting.

I am happy to protect my fellow Americans and my country by voting for the people that will fuck it up less but there's no way they're getting anything more than that from me.

Now if someone wants to actually fight for America and fight for the people and actually try to reform the system and offer something that isn't either of them? Well those people have my undivided attention and I'd be more than willing to help that cause.
Thankfully it only takes some of them to give Dems the votes to impeach. 

They’re on a scale of Nunes to Corker, and it’s just about getting enough conservatives to see like Corker, and asking for a personal bailout would do it almost instantly. 

Reddit is acting like the world is ending when all of this news is really hurting trump, he gets on thinner and thinner ice with the midterms the big chance for voters to top the scale.
George Washington had a large family business. Would you say there was no upside to having him as president?
I am almost positive that is why he wastes so much time with the NFL.  They hurt his feelings.  Plus he likes to tell himself he wins these type of battles when someone hurts his feelings.
Interesting, didn't know this. His desire for revenge about anything that did not go his way is endless.....
but but this thing kinda sounds like dis other thing if im ignorant of the details so same same.
Though let's be honest, if Russia wanted to invade a country right now would be the absolute best time for them to do it.
That is clearly not true, they just took a chunk of Ukraine. I think the can use the Russian population excuse a few more places still.
It's a lovely trap that only has any effect if the emoluments clause is being enforced by Congress, which there is no reason to assume.
I think they just assumed common decency would prevail. Evidently not.
There is also a domestic emoluments clause that specifically deals with preventing self-dealing:

> The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them.

So if the US or state governments purchase one of these flags, it's in violation of the domestic emoluments clause, and the payment can't be received by the president.
Serves them right. The Democrats dared to exist. Unbelievable!
This is akin to saying murder is legal because oj didn't go to jail.
No, he means that Americans vote in pieces of shit and then throw their hands in the air and blame those same pieces of shit for governing the country in exactly the way we all knew they were going to (like pieces of shit).

We use our politicians as a scapegoat for the fact that this is literally the will of the electorate. If it weren't, people wouldn't have voted the way they did. Not a single member of our political system has made it there without being voted in by the dumb fucks in this country (that goes for both sides btw, there are democrats who get paid 6 figures and dont even vote, check out the representatives for the District of Columbia) "But nobody else is running" isn't really an excuse when you and I have just as much right to run for office as any of these pieces of shit. It's a really sad fact about America. Just about half of us are bigots. And we know this. That's a huge part of why no reasonable people run for office. It's a losing game. It's the "douche vs turd sandwich"

So he's right, target the American economy. People with the means and education to do so will leave. The rest will suffer the consequences of their decisions. That is unfortunately the only way to teach people that are this stupid. Just like children learning about what "Warning: HOT" means. You tell them not to touch it, you repeat yourself 8 times, then they touch it and learn "oh fuck that burns me" and stop.
My first vote ever (as a 30 year old) will be this coming November due to this administration turning my political apathy into political terror. From what I've heard from friends/family, I am not alone. There will be many older first time voters hitting that (D) button this year.
> i don't blame trump supporters for voting for trump but i do blame them for continuing to support him nor do i blame people who didn't vote for HRC.

That's where we differ: I 100% do blame both of them. It was very clear what Trump was before the election and anyone who does not support him now should not have supported him then. Ditto for those who didn't vote for HRC. They had a binary choice between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and if they don't like Trump's policies they should have taken the only course of action open to them to avert their implementation.
> casting a vote for the candidate that you support the most is fair representation

That's the problem: it *isn't* representation. At all. With a winner-take-all system such as ours a vote for a candidate who does not stand a realistic chance of winning is simply wasted.

I don't view it as a choice of candidate so much as a choice of policies. If you don't like Trump's policies then you should do anything in your power to prevent them. Given a choice between Trump and 'status quo' Clinton, I'll take Clinton any day.

> It should not be a choice of "which do I not want to take office" but "which candidate represents me best?"

I agree - it's just that I limit my pool of 'candidates' to those who actually stand a chance of winning.
Again, we do dems oppose US jobs? Yes, of course we want to make the rust belt great again. Yes, of course we want companies to move their overseas plants to the United States. This is why Trump won. This is why Trump will win in 2020.

I use my tax cuts the same as everyone else: however I want because it's my money -- not yours.
Which again, is exactly what Russia wants. Instability. Hostility between allies, and especially internally. 

Trump is creating damage, but let's not let Russia get their way, and start by joining him on his crusade to "remodel" the house with a sledge hammer and a bottle of vodka. This is what Russia wants. They want us at each other's throats both internally and externally. 

This sub is perfectly playing to their fiddle too. It's crazy to see with my own eyes, a place that hates Russia so much for what they did, yet seem to not actually pay attention to the other things they continue to do.

The coolest heads ALWAYS win. Don't join in on the emotional drum beating.
It is illegal under most EU laws. To make this legal, they'd literally have to change laws to allow it. As it stands now, if they just targeted his business, his business and shareholders would sue the EU and relevant institutions for unfair regulations. And they'd win. The shareholders, including Trump, have broken no laws to warrant state intervention into their ability to conduct business. 

Corporations sue governments all the time over stuff like this.
You're quite right, and to extend your point, operations against allies being a different thing entirely.
Nobody here has a clue either. It was an "out" campaign led by a bunch of crooks every bit as contemptible as Trump, also assisted by the Russians.

They lied, they're still lying and we the people should get a say on what the deal looks like (absurd promises were made) when it is actually finalised. Our centre right party (in power) doesn't want that and our centre left is led by a guy who doesn't really seem to give a shit either way.
Thanks for the kind words, they put a smile on my face.

We're paralyzed politically at the moment, and experiencing something of a slow burning constitutional crisis. The country and Parliament are quite evenly split on the issue but the whips of both major political parties are pro-Brexit. We've a situation not dissimilar to the Italians where the left-wing of Labour are propping up the right-wing of the Conservatives, both unified by an anti-EU position.

I've tried to be unpartisan in that summary because we are quite split on this... Personally I'm very pro-EU given my wife is Belgian, I live and work in London in tech, I'm left leaning (extremely so by US standards), and I lived in Spain for a fair few year where I intend to return at some point... I am straight up very biased on this issue... I think Brexit is an exercise in self-harm, but I think the lead up to it isn't clear cut.

In the UK under New Labour, the Left moved toward a liberal centrism, and to some extent replaced traditional socialist policies on social issues with a greater focus upon identity politics as a surrogate. I agree with much of their policy in that area, but not necessarily the delivery. The liberal left had won, and conclusions about identity politics were delivered as a self-evident fait accompli. The response to this in part was an illiberal pushback than was used to help fuel anti-EU opinion... I mention this as much because of the parallels that can be drawn with US politics than anything else and the formation of a significant illiberal base.

Perhaps more importantly, the response to the 2008 crash with bailouts and austerity policies were always going to see a drift toward the right and anti-immigrant sentiments. The crash response saw the poorest in the country paying for a party they were never invited to with predictable resentment. That resentment had to be channelled by any government that didn't want to be it's target. Immigrants always make a good target in such circumstance, which was easy to target toward the EU and freedom of movement.

In short we're in a rather bad way, but we've got through worse before now, and I have conviction we will do so again. I've tried to hit key points that are perhaps more relevant to you.
And we had 45% turnout. It's lower, but not by that much.
Oh I'm sorry.

When the US "peacefully" fucks with foreign elections, we're the bad guy, but the second it happens to us (a country where the president has unrestricted control over the most powerful military in the world and 1,800 nuclear weapons), you're happy to just throw your boots up on the desk and say "Not our problem"?

The reality is, the West after 1945 is built with the US as the keystone. If the US isn't there, there is going to be a LOT of consternation getting the rest of the Western world to the point that you don't need us. And in that time, all of you will be in a position where you are more prone to being fucked over by more predatory powers like Russia and China.

As of 2016, the US represents 24% of the world's GDP. If we go tits up, which we're liable to do, *you will feel it, too*.
?? 

This seems like an incredibly unproductive point of view. Alternate take: I care about people in other countries and in the health of democratic institutions in the world as a whole, so I’d prefer to practically do what’s possible to help them instead of shitting on the people who agree with me. I’m not going to tell Palestinians that they “failed to win the same game” so they deserve whatever they get from Israel, or tell anti-Brexit people they’re on their own, you do what you can to help.
seriously?... trump's removed around 20M people (depending which study you look at) from healthcare, removed specific systems that help babies and young children that need healthcare from getting it... He's removed provisions that help everyday Americans by the boatloads. He's pissed off Allies and trading partners to the extent that American's are now going to be impacted by a stupid trade war or two. He himself signed an EO that made it easier for mentally ill people to access firearms.

he's devalued the United States on the global stage down to a laughing stock. 

Yeah, Obama didn't get everything right, but holy shit man... you cannot sit there and legitimately say that Trump is better than Obama.
By lowering the tax primarily on the rich and imposing tariffs that effectively tax the poor, the poor actually have experienced a tax hike.
Because foreign powers and big businesses can bribe the president through his businesses.
It doesn’t have to be official protocol for it to be something they try to enact at trump’s request. 

Also, if they do it on their own as a means of making trump happy, that is still a gift that Trump is receiving. He is profiting off that. It’s basically a bribe.
I hope you are right but after watching the Republicans gain seats in the first midterm of what was so obviously to me the unmitigated disaster of the W. Bush presidency, I just don’t know anymore.
they didn't vote because they were corruptly given a garbage candidate. If you want people to vote, offer them good policy. Easy as that. just dont be owned by the billionaire class and be compassionate and you're fine.
At the very least you could educate yourself on what's been going on instead of blurting out pure falsehoods.
Is this serious? 

He was also a slave owner, son. Should we allow presidents to own slaves? 

Think *then* type.
Agreed, but I think they're already stretched to capacity with Ukraine, Syria and Libya.
This is why they took Crimea and eastern Ukraine:
http://www.energy-cg.com/Ukraine/Ukraine_preconflict_oilgas_situation_Jan15_EnergyConsutlingGroup_web.png
The area taken by Russia contains two of the largest undeveloped gas fields in Europe. The exploitation rights had already been sold, and exploitation was supposed to start within a year. That was of course unacceptable to Russia.

The attack on Georgia was to gain control of a gas pipeline from Kazakhstan to EU. The war in Syria is to gain control of planned pipelines from Iraq and Israel to the EU. Their meddling in Libya is to gain control of the Libyan gas fields -- Russia has already proposed a plan which would split Libya, and leave their puppet in control of the gas.
Yeah Congress is sitting on their hands right now. They don't care.
What a brave new world!
I think they assumed that Republicans would have an iota of lawfulness. Turns out you can do anything if you're R. There's no lower bar.
Or that the electoral college would prevent the masses from electing someone so terrible.
Silly Eric, we live in a state that constitutionally protects puppy mills. We both know decency is long dead.
I'm surprised we even got this far.
Basically everything happening today is the result of generations of people failing to write laws because "Nobody could be that stupid or malicious right?"
"oh boy, do we sure have egg on our face now. Eh, we'll clean it up later."

-Congressional Republicans.
Right — but that doesn’t prevent corporations from using the president’s businesses to indirectly influence him.
Or to stop being needlessly abstract:

It can't stop Trump bleedig Secret Service for privilage of guarding Trump at Trump Tower, Mar Lago and other properties he owns and uses to funnel taxmoney to.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-secret-service-maralago-new-years-eve-costs-783831
Exactly. This is why I disagree with the article. Targeting Trump's personal buisinesses is what one would do if Trump was a full-grown dictator. But he is a democratically elected leader of a functioning industrial country. I am tired of those Americans predending to be ignorant about this, as if their government was some sort of natural desaster. That being said, I would support our EU officials being forbidden to support Trump's buisinesses - on top of the tarrifs of course.
Third party candidates stand just as much chance of winning, it's attitudes like yours that keep them non viable.
I agree, to sow the lines of division in the West is exactly what an adversary of the West would want.

Other countries have a choice:
* Wait until sanity returns to US leadership and not have retaliatory tariffs
* Continue with a trade war
Thanks for the insight. It sounds a bit like us across the pond with a lot of the same levers being pulled for similar outcomes.
Beg to differ. That's 1.5 times US turnout.
Yeah, America is the bad guy when they mess with foreign elections. But it's still the native's fault for voting along American influence. Similarly, the other powers who messed with America are the bad guy. But it's still American's fault for voting along their influence. Unless you were forced to vote for Trump, you voted for Trump because you fell to their influence. And enough Americans fell for that to vote trump into office.

Yes, and it's the Americans fault that you go tits up. It's your fault that we feel it too. It's your fault that we're going to be fucked over by more predatory powers like Russia and China. *Why do you think we're pissed at you?*
So do I. But that doesn't mean I don't assign blame when they fail. Americans failed to prevent the election of Trump. They should be blamed for that. They should feel guilty about that. And when the time comes, they need to vote him out of the office to redeem themselves. They don't get a pass just because they agree with me.
More where removed from healthcare with the unaffordable care act than they where when it was defunded. AHA is unaffordable and not what everyone wants. I for one don't. You are talking about CHiP & Dr. Dynasaur, those programs where not repealed, but changed. What provisions that help Americans by the boatloads did he remove? He helped timber and other industries whose products where being underfunded by Canadian lumber that is subsidized by the Canadian government making Canadian lumber cheaper than American, in America. Would you prefer we sink billions into timber as they do? He didn't sign an executive order making guns more accessible to mentally ill, he made it so PTSD isn't a death sentence for returning military who had firearms removed under that diagnosis. Stock is up, so not sure where you're going there. Sounds like you're full of fake news. Maybe try doing so research & don't just rely on mainstream media for info. I can legitimately say Trump is a better president than Obama ever was because he's actually worked to change the economy for the better rather than adding to the debt. Do your homework & get off the media talking points. Maybe you'll learn something.
You're out of your mind...
"I would assume that would be outside of a President's power.  Checks and balances are supposed to prevent that." 

That's what I was replying to
If it’s not official protocol then the task would be on prosecution to prove Trump requested them to stay there. And if that’s your logic, what’s to stop any foreign dignitary from staying at a Trump property and then using it against him to prove he violates this clause. The key word in all this is intent.
Which of the policies she was proposing by the end of the campaign cycle did you think were bad?
That's never going to happen. What has happened is now people realise that if don't vote for garbage they'll get a steaming turd so better vote for garbage now that you've seen what damage a steaming turd can do.

People didn't vote because they didn't think there was any concern of him getting elected and they didn't want to be complicit in voting for garbage. People should know better now.
You're replying to a comment that was entirely opinion so not sure what you're talking about.
They sent Caliban to an internment camp.
*Are we tired of winning yet?*
>"they're in government! what did you expect?"

>-Republicans, talking about Republicans and Democrats

The average Republican voter thinks the government is scum anyway. No depth would shock them, but they vote straight ticket because "nothing changes".

They don't believe in government, even when they are the government.
"When they're in a cage they let you do it."
It should.  That just seems like an oversight.
Is there a particular definition in the laws / constitution that is different than the one I just found on google?

>a salary, fee, or profit from employment or office.

That definition would say that he can't accept anything.
Wouldn't that already be illegal? He can't receive money from the government except for his salary. The SS is part of the U.S. government, therefore the US government is paying maralago, which is owned by Trump. So the the US government is paying Trump additional money not related to his salary, which is unconstitutional.

We just need to find someone who owns a golfclub to sue for loss of profit due to the violation.
While I agree with your sentiment, the third party candidates in the 2016 US election were a fucking trainwreck.

But it isn't just attitudes like the one above, it's the system itself that discourages third party candidates. Here in Canada a lot of people would like electoral reform as well. When they started using MMP in New Zealand, they immediately went from like 2 parties to 5 viable parties within one election... which is great, because it means that different groups actually have to *work together* to pass legislation rather than fighting for dominance, which is the whole fucking point of the electoral system (representation for everybody that works together to form a sensible consensus).
I think what Europe is currently doing is perfectly in line with what we'd expect. They are placing retaliatory tariffs, but with political incision in mind. Similar to when Bush tried this, the EU placed tariffs on goods and industries in swing states he needed for reelection. Not huge in the big picture of the economy, but huge in terms of political campaigning. 

If the EU were to go rogue and start attacking Trump directly, they've officially crossed the line, and Russia wins.
amazing, everything you've said was wrong.

Maybe get out of the Orange twits backside and experience real life before you start blabbering alternative facts around like you actually know anything.
Think of it this way:  

If Hillary Clinton won the election, would you want to allow foreign countries to donate large amounts of money to her through her foundation, so she can skim off a few million and, in turn, grant political favors for those countries?  

That's what Trump is doing.  That's why the emoluments clause is supposed to be followed and enforced by congress under threat of impeachment.
Nothing would stop that except him divesting from the companies as we’ve wanted him to do from the start. We don’t want conflicts of interests.
The one where she isn't St. Bernard.
she didnt support single payer 
no history of supporting criminal justice reform. 
didnt support gay marriage for way too long 
bought the dnc and committed the biggest election fraud in the history of this country.
Don't pretend like your average voter gives a shit about policy. Maybe one or two specific policies at the most. They care about perception, image, and likability. Virtually everyone in America had the _perception_ that Clinton was corrupt as hell, and regardless if that's true or not, it will influence how they vote.
Democrats always propose good policies, which then get watered down because they are afraid of pissing off their billionaire donors.
people should demand more now because the establishment should have to cede power after they gave us fascism.
I'm talking about your initial comment that was straight up false.
Not exactly. Republicans aren't the ones who want no government.  

They vote because they're single issue voters - abortion, guns, restoration of white supremacy, Church state. And the last group who are Republican because it pays best for them.  

They don't care about governance except where it helps them reach their goals.
The language is specfic to foreign emoluments:

> no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, **from any King, Prince, or foreign State**
You are correct. He was supposed to divest, and people thought that unless it's a blind trust, he could still profit from foreign interests in exchange for internal and outside influence.

But he didn't put it into blind trust, pretended to leave Trump organization with the boys in charge, and is now paddling executive orders for trademarks and permits, while raking in more money per golfing weekend than Tiger Woods.

Ya'll suspected he's gonna try to slip in and out without anyone noticing. But he just jumped in dry, rage-fucking America [like it's his next ex wife](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/are-we-not-going-to-talk-about-trump/).
Yeah the targetted tariffs are a smart move, but I don't think they'll have much of an effect on the midterms.
Well obviously I wouldn't want that. 

How is Trump doing this now? Citation? Or is it speculation?
She was the one who proposed and fought for single payer in the 90’s- but she was being realistic, single payer would never have gotten passed so she proposed to fix the ACA. She bailed out the DNC (and raised tons of money for other democrats campaigns) because Obama didn’t do his part, it wasn’t election fraud ffs, she won millions more votes than Bernie (who only switched to a democrat to run btw). But yes, let’s continue this infighting and let the GOP continue to rule. The reality is that both Bernie and Hillary would have been pretty similar presidents and would have accomplished similar things.
Demand more with what leverage?
So your plan is to tag on the comment chain and try to be superior because I said something that was slightly wrong?

You're the part of reddit that makes reddit tick you know that?
Im a little short on time at the moment, but China is giving $500 million to fund Trump properties in the pacific region (Indonesia?)  and then Trump is helping thier company.  

Russia.  Just look up all the threads there.

Someone else on that wants to point all of it out?
that's completely bullshit they would not have been the same. people support their money. plain and simple.
Nice projection, but no. 

I take exception to your apparently self-celebrated apathy.

An uninformed electorate is *the* most dangerous thing a democracy can have. You can be as lazy as you want, that's fine, but do the bare minimum first.

Edit: Also, it wasn't "slightly" wrong, it was completely wrong.
