Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)

>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.

We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!

^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.
Wish my dad looked at me the way snake looks at that dog
Can anyone else hear that *"Ha-HA!"* in the 5th panel?
I wish they had the dog show up in future episodes as a throwback.
I am Snek and I will also take pup
y’all have me crying at 8:35am
Snake is one of the most under-developed characters on The Simpsons...and I'm glad they didn't stretch him out too far (when I was watching 'em)
3k upvotes and 9 comments? What the hell
[https://i.ytimg.com/vi/2Z6SKKuhwIU/hqdefault.jpg](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/2Z6SKKuhwIU/hqdefault.jpg)
I just noticed. What's that hard thing on hos right shoulder?
All macho men become a pile of mush when there are puppies/dogs around. It is known. 

Source: my gruff dad
He still held 2 kids up at gun point but it has a puppy so it’s all good
Is that Billy from stranger things ?
Give Snake a break, sure he might take a furry drake but he’s at least not a fake.
Yes, it's wholesome to pull a gun on children.
Is there an episode that develops his character or will he always be the semi-awkward badass driving a car?
Two days ago, my husband and I returned from a 20-day overseas trip and I went to pick up our beloved dog from the kennel. I was hugging her so hard, apologizing for being away, reminding her how much mommy and daddy love her, and borderline tears that all the employees started going "awwww!!!!" She is being spoiled rotten now, as I missed her 5th birthday and all the lovely time we spend together. This post warmed my heart in a very similar way.
Is threatening children with a gun considered wholesome now?
*Awwwwwwwwww*
Chaotic good
Sure, the dog has a happy ending but what about the turtle? 

As usual, no one cares about the turtle! 

Please be nice to the turtle next time. 

code key 2311109A6X22.(initiate).exe
snake is so awsume :D
The south side serpent?
r/homersome
I mean...he stole a puppy from children by threatening to shoot them. How is this wholesome?
Or the way he looks at [Sideshow Bob](http://imgur.com/CNF0rFi.jpg)
I wish my dad looked at me
Wish my snake looked at my dad the way my dog looks at me
i wish i had a dad
When your dad gives you that look and u know that gud succ is about to happen.
You mean Nelson's dad?
I wish my uncle would stop looking at my butthole the way snake looks at this dog
[Did it sound like this?](https://streamable.com/pskz3)
YES!
Come on Shoshanna, let's roll. Ha HA!
Right?  While no one ever ages, this show has always been really good with it's continuity.  Would be a nice little cameo to see him walking the dog or something
Maybe he was lying about cherishing him :(
d a n g e r   n o o d l e
Is this the line for receiving puppies? I'd like one as well
Good morning.
They had me crying at 9:42 am smh
Crying in the club rn
Good morning!

^(It's almost 8:35 PM where I live, please tell me good evening) ^:)
Had me cryin at 2:13 company time
When they introduced character development for Crazy Cat Lady, you knew they were struggling
I don't know about most under developed but the amount of development was spot on.
THERE IS NO PEPE SILVIA
We should all just comment stupid stuff. Like this.
Pretty much the more popular the sub the more likely this is to happen because the people who browse /new aren't gate keepers but people honestly looking for content they love and will upvote something to 2+ K before even one comment is posted.
Bots are common on Reddit.
Pack of smokes rolled in the sleeve. Stereotypical tough guy look.
A pack of cigarettes.
Remember,  no one cares until it's used as a statistics.
It is when there are *puppies*
r/whoosh
Oh no I ship it
Guh?
I wish mine didn't look at me like that
It did
Thank you for the source sauce video Ctrl+f mirror sound bro.
Only danger here is from the snek cuddles
Will a mediocre evening suffice?
I’D LOVE TO TALK ABOUT THE MAIL
Omg excuse me ur not being W H O L E S O M E! Pls someone get a ban I can’t handle all the negativity
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care.
^^psst ^^it's ^^r/woooosh ^^i ^^got ^^you ^^^bro
Buh.
Yoot doot child labour
Wuh.
[BWAH](http://gifimage.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/hank-hill-bwah-gif-1.gif)
Duh.
Fuh.
Mother of God how many did mama poop out?!
man gets suffocated by good boyes
Looks like he has a very rewarding job!
Brb, going to vet school
Holyshit not only are great Danes massive they have super size litters
Stress relief 100%
When you know you choose the right profession
Based on how fast they grow, I would guess these ones are about 12 minutes old.
Great Danes are the best! Such sweet hearts, I had one, she died unexpectedly after she was 2, had a seizure one night and that was it. My best friend ended up buying a brother and sister bc he fell in love with my Dane and they are some of the best dogs to have. Only downside is the life expectancy:(
I want this to be in my day!
Heaven is a place on Earth
That's heaven right there
Not yet great Danes.

But wonderful Danes all the same.
How are those other people standing around?!?!
Get on the floor and get puppy attacked!
I'd say this qualifies for r/WhyWereTheyFilming. Get on the ground and play with those puppers!
This would probably cure my depression
r/peoplefuckingdying
So many puppy, i feel bad for the mother :D
I want to change spots with the vet :)
I chose the wrong college major.
Is this possible?!
that looks like heaven
Looks like heaven to me
And they think they are that size forever!
Fertility drugs for dogs?
God bless that mother
Are they all wearing flippers? :o
There's no way that that is just one litter.
I have never wanted to be someone else more than I do now. Must find a litter of great danes immediately
I would actually cry if that happens to me
So many puppies!
Look at their huge paws. So adorable
they DO move in herds
“A” litter?

That’s a lot of puppies for one litter.
I would pay good money for this kind of experience
I love how every one of them is focused on doing something else entirely.
Dream come true right there.
r/GreatDane would love this
literally my dream
I count 13 puppies. Is that normal?
I think if this was me I would literally weep with joy, I've been really emotional and pretty starved for affection for a while. I literally gasped out loud when I clicked this link.
When someone lets you “pick” a puppy to keep what is good behavior or a trait or something to consider?

The ones who’re up there licking? The ones staring? The ones keeping their distance?
Is that all one litter?!? WOW
I always thought that this would be amazing:  A bunch of puppies were to be all over me and kiss me until it happened and although 6 German Shepherd puppies all over me licking me was cute I didn’t realized that they were so happy that they peed all over me and I had to go work after
oh man am i jealous.
Those are some **T H I C C** paws
Heaven!
I want to snuggle one of them. I want to snuggle all of them. Too much cuteness.
Can I pay for this experience somewhere?
you see 14 puppies, I see $500+ of dog food a month
Sadly most wont live more than 5 or 6 years.
I counted 14, must be a proud mumma
The litters of grand danes are usually 9 to 14 puppies
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
actually.. I ... I like you... Hooman...
Worse ways to go.
I wouldn't wish that job on my worst enemy. He gets to play with puppies in that room and probably has to put down someone's pet in the next
Prepare yourself to euthanize a lot of good boy :(
Probably 2 litters, from 2 separate mothers. I hope.
I had one growing up and have two boys now from different litters. Litter sizes were 13, 12 and 12.
I posted a picture with my Dane at 2 weeks when I chose him, and so many people said "what a cute Shar Pei puppy!" So big and wrinkly.
Yeah that's the average lifespan of most dogs that get that big, you're not adding to the conversation you're just being a buzz-kill

Go away
AKC lists the average as 8-10 years.
Definitely more than that - 8-11 is more of the average and depends on their breeding lines. I've never had any live past 10 but the youngest I've lost one, aside from trauma-related things, is 7. 5-6 years isn't accurate, I don't think.
I didn’t even know that was possible. Sore mumma too.
Oh geez. Great Danes are big but very lean, that mom must have looked absolutely ridiculous towards the end.
yep counted that too
Holy that’s bonkers
How have they not overrun the world already?
Thank You
Death by snu snu?
Just like doctors I imagine? ‘Can’t save them all but the ones you do save make it worth it’
My sis adores animals but damn does she hate being a vet.
I like to think of it in the reverse order
Watch "The Supervet" or "The Bionic Vet" on Netflix - i haven't watched the latter yet but it's about the same guy from the former, so I assume it will be similar in nature.  "The Supervet" is a docu-series that follows one of the top vets in the world who uses a lot of modern technology to help animals in ways most vets can't.  It does a REALLY good job of showing the daily life of a vet, and how much stuff they have to handle and go through in order to save your pet.  It will show you the process of putting animals down, and also how far a real vet will go to ensure they don't have to do that to you or the animal.

At one point there's a scene where you can even see the staff crying after having to put an animal down.  They say something along the lines of "no matter how many times it happens, it doesn't get any easier to handle", basically blowing the stigma that after X amount of times doing it, you become numb to it.  They're still humans at the end of the day and they still love animals, so it makes sense that it can't get easier to constantly have to watch and be the one to take the life from an animal that has no real control over their situation.

I've always loved veterinarians, I wanted to be one when i was a child, but I was always afraid of situations like that, and becoming jaded by them.  I'm also terrible at math, so that didn't help things.  Anyway, this series gave me a gigantic amount of extra respect for veterinarians that seem to like what they do.  Highly recommended if you're into this stuff.
Two kinds of people
Big dogs have big litters. My dog had eleven.
These looks like they are already 6-8 weeks old. So they probably already grew double in size from the moment they were born.
Could be a breeder had two mothers with litters around the same time.
We bred Great Pyrenees when I was a kid, they would routinely have over a dozen pups. When we had a few litters at the same time, it was absolutely incredible! Tough to get off the school bus though when 35 wiggly puppies  came rushing towards you. And yes there were times when they would run into the bus! Lol
Big if true
Unfortunately, they don't live very long. They're also dumb as rocks. But they're the friendliest animal that thinks it's half the size than it actually is
Because they are very clunky. They don't really comprehend their own size very well.
Because no pup named Scooby Doo would ever do that!
...is that worse or better?
Whatever they have to tell themselves, they do society a huge service, and most of the time arent recognized for the emotional hardship and stress the job brings. It's always boggled me you dont meet more vets and doctors at bars, I guess they would be the ones to know the risks of a drinking habit
U dont have to take a life tho. Until euthanasia gets legalized of course.
12-14 is average every once in a while you might even see 18 in one litter with such big breeds.

On average you can say that the bigger the breed the larger the litters are.

This in general is kinda interesting with domesticated dogs because the general number of offsprings mammals tend to have is equal to or less than half the ammount of the female's teats.
I agree, however a large litter is not impossible. My mom is a breeder. Growing up there was a few times were there was two litters at the same time. One time we had  42 puppies in the house. Needless to say that I am all dogged out. I personally prefer birds.
I’ve had 3 so far... you are correct on all points.
> It's always boggled me you dont meet more vets and doctors at bars, I guess they would be the ones to know the risks of a drinking habit

  Oh we're there, we just won't tell you what we do for a living. Telling someone that I'm a vet inevitably leads to a "hey sorry to bug you while you're off the clock, but my dog has been itching and I was wondering..." or "boy you vets must make so much money, my bill was $200 last time I took my little guy in".  

  1) I'm trying to have a drink. Please don't ambush me with medical questions about your pet.  

  2) No, we don't make a lot of money. Modern medicine is extremely expensive to provide. I don't take that $200 check home with me. By the time you've subtracted costs and overhead out of that bill my take-home doesn't look so hot anymore. I'm certainly not complaining about the middle class lifestyle that I'm able to lead as a vet, but there are a lot easier ways to land a middle class lifestyle than 8 years of brutally expensive higher education.
True. Saving lives is the most noble profession
Many doctors put people out of their misery all the time, it’s just not something they speak about, often times it’s just a bit more morphine in someone that’s already dying.

They also don’t see it as taking a life, neither do vets, it’s easing the transition to the inevitable.
I had no idea, thank you for all this information.
Our Brittany had 14.  Well, 13 lived.
Do you have a source for that? Rabbits have 8 nipples but 6+ kits (up to 14) is not unusual.
> This in general is kinda interesting with domesticated dogs because the general number of offsprings mammals tend to have is equal to or less than half the ammount of the female's teats.

this is fascinating.  i immediately thought of humans.  the rule seems to hold for most dog breeds, too.  i certainly don't remember anyone with a dog having so many puppies.  wikipedia says the average is six puppies per litter while teats vary between 10 and 12.  only larger breeds have these larger average litter sizes.

edit: i wonder the reason for larger breeds having larger litters.  bigger disparity in puppy and grown size means can fit more?  more able to fend off predators?  more able to find and kill prey for nutrition to feed large litters?
thanks for this info, didn't know the litters were those numbers on average.
Was she breading hush puppies?
My next drink goes to you Bill, whichever dive you are a little slumped inside of
english settlers
Cheers!
Please tell me you're buying another one for the cat.
***LITTLE BOY BLUE AND THE MAN IN THE MOON***
Well, I mean, cats and babies are basically the same thing.

You feed them, love them, clean up their poop, they sleep constantly, are entertained by shiny things and noise makers, people who have them constantly take and share pictures of them... it makes sense.
That is the cutest fucking thing I've ever seen
My sisters cat did this with my Nieces. She would sit up on the crib and bat at the item. This would illicit fits of giggles from my nieces when they were bubs.
If it wasn't for him, why did they make it cat sized? Answer that!
Silly humon all things are kat. ALLL HAAAIIIL
And so he should. I’m not seeing the problem here 😋
Sure, it's for the "baby"
Both cat and baby are going to hate their new lives
Just testing it out for the baby :)
Well, guess it’s his now
Tifu by learning my newborn is allergic to cats??
If you adopt a cat as your baby then he will think that all the new baby stuff is for him. look how much happy he is, you need to buy more.
Maybe I'm a germaphobe but the idea of letting your cat ( who paws at kitty litter and poop all day) play with your newborns things seems like an unnecessary risk.
Just a heads up. If you haven't had the baby yet and the cat continues to assume all the new stuff is for him/her, the cat may not be too thrilled when the baby comes and everything goes to the baby. Obviously different for every cat and some won't react that way. Just something to consider.
Well, duh!
Look at me.  I'm the baby now!  meow.
Same issue here. I have to get my cat off EVERYTHING that belongs to the baby.
If you actually bought that for the cat he'd never effin touch the thing.
*Human servants think all the new cat stuff is for the baby*
That's because it *is* for him.
Cat tested. Mother approved.
well...he's not wrong
He's in for a rude awakening.
Cat is just practicing to show baby how it's done.

Maybe buy another setup, one for baby.
Brb. Buying baby stuff.
Hope your kid is not allergic
Probably not a great idea to let him think that or play with them. Sets a precedent to him that it’s ‘ok’. Very adorable kitty though🤗
Great, now I want to buy one of these for my cat.
It isn't?
Best. Day. Ever!!
It isn't?
#Cat "Is it not  Σ(;Φ ω Φ)"
Cat beta tester
No. It is YOU who think that it is for the baby.
that's gonna be one disappointed kitty.
It is now
[One of our cats loved the baby stuff](https://imgur.com/a/Mz4CrHT). He got a rude awakening after the baby was born.
"This is great but did you really have to spoil the wife too? She's blown up like a blimp!
Hope your kids isn't allergic to cats...
Wait till your baby is in there playing, and the cat is sitting near by thinking, "That little rat is playing with my toys", and he goes to show him who's the boss, and 'accidently' scratches' your baby. Just saying, that's what you're setting up for.
[removed]
This is a broken link. Adorable.
Knowing cats, they'll have to buy another one for the baby.
I know cats.  Kitty will get bored with it soon enough.
When you comin' home, cat? I don't know when, but we'll get together then!
And the cat in the cradle and the silver spoon.
One does not have murder mittens.
My cats don't suicide themselves when I leave them home alone for 10 hours.
Caretaker cat.
How sweet
And by 'not be too thrilled' i mean, jealous and angry at the baby
I would be more concerned on the cat being ok playing with everything now. Then when the baby arrives, leaving the child in said place, and the cat jumps inside with the child to play. Very easy for pets to smother children of not watched carefully.

You'd hope that wouldn't be the case, but none the less you should be very watchful when baby arrives with the cat enjoying their toys as much as he does.
Legit concern
Cats aren't always dicks
This is the dumbest thing I've read today.
Only six comments in and I found the buzzkill...
Cats know the difference between human babies and competing cats.
We’re due baby number 4 in 3 weeks and we’ve already cat proofed all the baby stuff! You just don’t know what could happen. Cat nets on the crib and seats. Just makes sense
I wondered if the cat would feel territorial about that baby bed after the baby comes. I don’t know much about cats, though.
I take it you're a dog person.
Once they do that the cat will never play with it again.
Knowing babies, it'll never used this anyway.
They kind of do, those teeny tiny fingernails are deceptively sharp. My friend had a scratched cornea from her baby grabbing at her face. And the doc told her she sees it all the time with new mothers.
I've seen some babies cling pretty hard to facial hair though
Good song.
Case in point: I have a cat, who is generally a little bastard and I was worried before my son was born. In four years the cat has never raised a paw to him. The only baby/cat problem we had was that the cat would try to stop us from bathing the baby, because in in the cat's mind baths = bad.
But they'll lay in the box.
Ok TIL babies also have murder mittens.
Yuppers, this is why you see babies sleeping in  mittens.  It's not to protect their precious widdle hands, its because they've got fucking raptor claws, and when you combine that with next to no motor control, hilarity doth not ensue
Oh God all of this so perfectly sums up my experience with cats...
That girl is a little rude just standing there watching that guy propose to that hippo, give them some space lady
All I can think about is how wet that guy's knee is going to be.
The famous Fiona ⚘
Drinks all around!
God lady stop trying interrupt his proposal to Fiona
Little known fact- Fiona is just Harambe reincarnated.
What is that in the tank?
Ive been on reddit long enough now to even remember reposts from about 18 months ago. They are likely married divorced and paying child maintenance by now
Fiona!! The second best thing about Cincinnati!
In front of the Hippos? Is he trying to tell her something?
That's not a wedding.
Hungry, hungry, happily married.
Fort Wayne children’s zoo?
Seen it years ago. Anyone knows if there still together?
Always such a blaaast!
"Eh, I give it a year."
Did they say yes?
Search by controversial I go......
That guy has the same hair I do.  

That's all I have to add.
r/photobomb
Lol... Naughty Hippo.
This would be a good PS battle
I’m sorry for the hippo, I don’t think he will be invited to th wedding
Drinks all around!
Surely a good challenge for r/PhotoshopBattles?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOte5b-Uk8M&app=desktop
I feel like Sebastian is going to jump out of the hippos mouth singing “Kiss the Girl”
Bronx zoo
Hippo *"I shall be da witness"*
Proposing in front of the ex
Do you know these people, OP?
Looks like the Memphis Zoo
Are you the hippo?
The last time I saw this posted, the comments section was *full* of terrible things.  I'm glad that r/aww is in better form today!
That’s not a wedding
This was in my home town Portland oregon! It was actually on the news.
That's the beautiful moment of the life :)
heep-hop-o-potamus.
They are gonna have some Neanderthal lookin kids.
Nice of him to give it to the hippo
Memphis?
Which hippo do you think she said yes to?
im proud of these three, so brave.
That ground looks like D- "kneeling ground". This was not planned well unless his woman just loves hippos so hard. Then it's a push.
[removed]
Ayy lmaoo
Great way to symbolize love, proposing marriage in a prison for animals. 
Real men use their masculinity to defend and liberate, not perpetuate oppression.
I mean why else would this be happening in front of a hippo enclosure.
Lol.. 

So romantic!
Ah, the ol' reddit Didgeri Cumberdoo
Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
Why? She can't help that he decided to propose right next to her pool
Yeah, the hippos too
And her new fiancé, Shrek.
I've got a jar of dirt and guess what's inside it
I thought about this exactly when seeing the post
That's Fiona.
Hippo
A shark lol
me
Fiona From Shameless, you know that hit show broadcasted in the UK and the US.
Baby hippo
Ya, he’s trying to tell her he wants to marry her. Duh.
He wanted her family to be part of the big moment!
"How about going to the movie theater?"

"Yeah, I love movies"

"But you aren't watching a movie right now".
Nobody said that this is a wedding.
[Yes](https://www.buzzfeed.com/samstryker/fiona-the-hippo-photobombed-this-couples-engagement-and-i?utm_term=.wvBerDJax#.ekOj5qbAE)
[Sorry, you're an hour late.](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8t0pwz/aww_i_love_weddings/e142ah6/)
His rhymes are bottomless.
Cincinnati
Which hippo do you think he's proposing to?
Fiona's famous. So it's probably her favorite hippo...
First that this isn't a sea cow.

Second that this isn't funny.
ヽ༼ ຈل͜ຈ༽ ﾉ Raise ur dongers!

^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^33018

^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
Aww :( sometimes we have zoo's for education and preservation, not just to perpetuate oppression. Everyone who has ever had to work with animals in captivity always wishes it isn't the way. We all want them to be free in the wild. But at the moment, for some animals, the wild is the most unsafe place for them. And the only way to try and preserve their future is for them to be in zoo's. 

In the perfect world zoo's would not exist. But this isn't a perfect world.
I can see you're passionate about this, but I think you're very unlikely to convince anyone with your style of argument. When you place yourself so firmly in a position of moral superiority (even if, for the sake of argument, you are morally superior), people get defensive rather than open to new ideas.
there's a great radiolab episode that you might find intriguing. it's called [the rhino hunter](https://www.wnycstudios.org/story/rhino-hunter/). it centers on that dentist who killed cecil the lion and why its legal to hunt endangered species. 

i mean i'm a vegetarian - against zoos - but one of the podcasts central questions is: yes we have obliterated the animals natural habitat - but is it coming back? can it come back? and if it can't come back, what's the best way to preserve life for the animal?

anyway check it out if you haven't already.
Spotted the snowflake ^
“Speaking of fat mammals that I can’t get enough of, honey will you marry me?”
I found that hilarious but it’s undetermined whether reddit will
Haha... cute
Can't stand that damn hippo.

It was cool the first few weeks, but living in Cincinnati I see her everywhere STILL.

Edit: I embrace the downvotes. I'm sorry but I will never understand the hippo hype.
Should have been “I love proposals”
You did
It's illegal to marry your daughter anyway.
Nuts.
Making all the young ladies in the area pregnant
It's kinda funny.  Made funnier by your offense to it. Get rekt
Not to mention major zoos (there are definitely scummy smaller zoos that need to be shut down ASAP) are big contributors to conservation efforts and also help provide easy research into the animals' behaviors, health, etc. I've also heard arguments about the importance of letting a populace that would otherwise not be exposed to exotic animals develop an appreciation for them, which would hopefully create a culture of people who are emotionally invested in conservation.
Zoos have had zero impact on wild animals ability to survive in the wild. It most probably has had the opposite effect, by giving the public the impression that there are plenty of animals, and that they are happy and safe. It also gives the public the idea that animals are here for us to do what we want with. Often zoos also serve animals for food, the animal agriculture industry being the single most dangerous industry to natural habitats. Zoos perpetuate the oppressive relationship we have with animals.
Please give me the exact words I should say that will result in people stopping imprisoning and oppressing animals.
It doesn’t surprise me that humans will keep finding rationalizations to continue their unethical behavior, and that other humans will use these rationalizations to feel better about perpetuating violence and oppression.
I was prepared to eat the downvotes when I wrote the comment. I’ll stick by it either way.
I live in Florida and have never stepped foot inside the state of Ohio and I feel like slapping the shit out of you rn.
I also live near Cincinnati. Fiona is one of the few things we’ve got, aside from corn and Skyline Chili. Embrace it.
Proposals usually lead to weddings.

If your daughter tells you shes pregnant, you would also go "Aww, i love babies" instead of "Aww, i love pregnancies"
No I didn't. 

You don't need to be on a wedding to say "I love weddings".

Stop
It's illegal to drive faster than the speed limit, but that wont stop me.
get rekt! what a relevant expression! you really nailed him.
What did the comment said
I mean I see where you are coming from. But I have seen amazing things with people learning and changing and making a difference in the world simply because of something they learnt from a zoo.

A change that has led to many wild animals being saved or cared for in their wild habitat where they otherwise would have died.

And I guess, zoo's perpetuate the oppressive relationship SOME people have with animals. Not everyone views them that way.
Where do you get this information?
The only thing worse than downvote obliteration is [deleted]
Right? Jesus. Show some goddamn respect.
The fact that this had to be explained shows how senseless the nitpicking is sometimes on Reddit
But watching something happen, and being told about something are two different things. 

If your daughter told you that she got proposed to, you could say “I love weddings” but if are watching her getting proposed to and say “I love weddings” well that’s kind of awkward.
Some people apparently cannot read, lol
It's a misleading title, just admit it.
"Hurr durr fat joke", I would assume.
Could those people have learned the same amazing thing without imprisoning the animal? How much did we learn from Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey, whose most important findings, including bringing poachers to justice and improving the prosecution of poachers, could not have happened in a zoo, but only in the field. You can’t argue the massive impact they both had at changing lives. 

Is it really true that most zoo animals are ‘rescued.’ And is it really ‘rescuing’ an animal by depriving it of a natural existence in a habitat more natural to them? Surely animal sanctuaries with minimal human interaction and more natural habitats would be better solutions for ‘saving’ rescued animals. 

No. Zoos are not the solution for repairing the terrible relationship we have with other species. These prisons inflict terrible physical and psychological tolls on animals. They are outdated and unethical. We learn nothing from them except how to perpetuate oppression.
I dunno- dozens of places - over many years of being concerned with animal liberation. It’s certainly not a story you’d likely hear from a zoo...
Put RESPECT on Fiona's name or catch these hands.
Unless it's not your daughter and you watched it happen and the thought of weddings make you excited. Or maybe you're the awkward one. Probably the latter.

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a4/87/c2/a487c2e3a8325b2552acba40baaa88d4.jpg
Webster's dictionary defines wedding as "the fusing of two metals with a hot torch.
Ahhhh thank you
The hippo in this picture would literally have never lived past infancy had she been born in the wild (she was six weeks premature and weighed 39lbs); the zoo had to work with a children's hospital in order to save her life.
You have clearly never done your research. Zoos (at least in the US) are not built for entertainment. They are built for conservation, breeding, research, and education. Zoos have heavy regulations as well. Yes, animals in zoos are not always happy but it is better than species going extinct or becoming endangered.
No, you're thinking of "welding".

Webster's dictionary actually defines wedding as a "strong and tightly woven material that is used in strips to support, catch, or hold things".
Maybe her nickname is “easy rider”.
So imprisoning mother hippos, and then saving their premature babies, and then imprisoning the babies-heroic? Keep in mind that hippos would have died out as a species 50 million years ago if they were only confined to cages. Zoos vastly reduce the natural lifespans of animals kept there.
No, you’re thinking of “webbing”. 

Webster actually defines wedding as “a series of dingbat fonts which render letters as a variety of symbols”.
NO, you're thinking of "webdings"

Webster's dictionary actually defines wedding as a "a number of websites with related content, offering links to one another in such a way that one may view each of them without returning to a single referring site."
This fills my heart with the deepest joy :)
OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY
Dog is a maniac [https://youtu.be/2YWaa\_-839M](https://youtu.be/2YWaa_-839M)
I love this lab once a week each time he gets reposted.
Haha I love how excited dogs can get.

Also this is real r/tippytaps material
Good dog!
I'm so exccittedd... and I just can't hideee itttt...
<3 d'awwwwwwww
Happy taps!
I love chocolate labs. Had two of them growing up. They're such sweet dummies.
So pure and sweet I cant
Dog is dancing to Darude Sandstorm
Throw the ball. Throw the ball! THROW! THE! BALL!
yesyesyesyesyesyesyes
GOoD bOYe StuCK oN hOt coAls bURnT 2 DeATh
"Let me show you the dance of my people!"
Poochquake!
PoOr PUpPeR fOrCeD tO dAnCe On HoT cOaLs FoR oWnEr'S sIcK pLeAsUrE
Wow OP! Glad you filmed this yourself! You sure bring the most original content to reddit, thanks bro
/s?
That dog has better manners than most humans....
Wiggle bottom.  Adorable
Oh come on, too cute.
Such a good pup
What a cute little pupper
Feed the chubby bubby!
Simon's dog
Omg, so smart and adorable!
Aww look at that mashed potatoe
Incredibly cute, that ones going to be a smart cookie!
Aww he’s a bouncy little marshmallow!
TODAY WE DINE ON THE CARPET >:3
What kind of dog is this?
So cute
Wiggle the tail wiggle tail very good doggo
I did my part now human do yours
What kind of monster can watch that poor pupper struggling to carry his bowl and instead just follows and films it?! 

Help him!!!
Why is this getting downvoted? It’s a funny comment
I was just trying to be funny... 😭
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)

>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.

We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!

^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.
Is that not a normal thing? On my city buses everyone usually says thank you. It's just the nice thing to do.
That's really sweet. I hope it will last. It does not take much to be nice to each other, but it can mean a lot to people to feel appreciated.
I guess it's official now. I have no choice but to like this meme and praise it for what it's done. GG
This has always been standard in the UK. Well, certainly in the north and in Wales, I've never lived in the south so don't know if it is usual there or not.
It never occurred to me that most people wouldn't thank a bus driver upon exiting. 

Then again, I thank damn near everyone. Flight staff, uber drivers, chefs, bartenders, hotel staff, that random person who held the door for me for 1/10th of a second and didn't really deserve a thanks, but I gave them one anyway in hopes of motivating them to do better on their next door holding opportunity. 

I even accidentally said "Thanks" to a guy, I suppose reflexively, after he approached me and asked me for some spare change. He got confused and scurried off, so I suppose it was an effective counter measure.
what  was this meme anyway?

edit:  [educated myself](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/people-who-thank-the-bus-driver)

funny, i remember that i saw the original now
OH, a little story once I was quite young and caught the bus into the Valley for a job interview. The Valley is a bit rough (or it was then.) I finished the interview and waited at the stop I'd gotten off at for the next bus - I counted my fare but I was 5 cents short (smallest coin in Australia) 

So I got on the bus, I held out the coins and I said "Hi, I'm so sorry but I'm 5 cents short." before I got to squeak out if I can get on the bus she snarled a "that 5 cents comes out of my pocket, get off my bus." so I had no choice. I reversed and sat back down - a brawl started behind me and I just stared trying not to cry, with no idea what to do.

The next bus came, I had no choice but to try again, so I got on and I did the same.. I held out my change "I'm so sorry but I'm 5 cents short." but this time the (obviously different) driver smiled and said "Oh, you said thank you when I dropped you in here before! Just get on, love. You can ride for free."

What a difference some manners make.
Are there places that dont thank the bus driver? I'd feel like a dick for hours if i got off the bus without a "cheers mate"
Now I want to live in a country where politeness is a thing! 

Here in Germany nobody wants to talk to anybody on the street/in public transport. Everybody keeps to him/herself. Since I've got social anxiety like a boss I'm totally okay with this but a more polite, friendly surrounding would be nice, too.
We did it guys
I'm in Brisbane Australia, and I haven't caught a bus in AGES but last week I had to work in the city so I caught a bus and it warmed my heart that people still called out 'Thank you!' to the driver as they got off. I was sure it was an out-dated thing.
In the UK everyone always says thank you
Let's hope this is a permanent change!
Can’t unsee “i before e except after c”
I lived the suburb over from Marrickville and used to catch the 412 through Marrickville to Petersham everyday through high school. 

Most of the students would always say thank you. Firstt because public transport to school is free, the second reason was that the bus drivers had to put up with us loud high schoolers.  Quite a few of the adults also said thank you. 

But those bus drivers were legends, they drove a bus full of people standing from the back of the bus to the front (nearly 50 commuters),  through the peak-hour gridlock traffic of Sydney's inner-west.
As far as I could tell this is normal in e.g. Ireland. I really like it and adopted it back home as well.
I live in Denver, and I've only ever witnessed like 3 people leave the bus without thanking the driver. Common courtesy for putting up w/ people's BS all day.
Brown Cardigan started this!! Aussie Legend :)
This is a common thing in Australia.
This is a meme I’m proud of , never thought I’d say that before
I don’t get it, we always do this here in England, or at least most of us.

Can anyone tell me what the viral thing was about?
I don't think the article is real, anyone got a link?
As a bus driver, don't spend precious time thanking me just get off I want to go home
It might be the fact I’m a few beers in on this night but this is genuinely making me tear up. As someone who was friends with my school bus driver I have so much respect for these people and even if it’s a meme bus drivers are real heroes in our society.
This is common practice in Ireland - we all thank the driver in a row as we exit :)
Fuck, now I want to do it but in my country you enter to the bus next to the driver but the exit is in the middle of the bus away from the driver.
This is totally common rurally and in Canberra tbh
Rick Morton looks like a grown up version of Morty. Coincidence? I think not. Someone took their fathers first name in the divorce.
This is a lovely story from a journalist who can't spell!
dudes name is Rick Morton lmaoooo
Recieving.
Ffs it’s customary anyway is it not?
I had a middle school coach make our team say "Thank You" to the driver anytime we took a bus to another school.

For 40 years, I haven't excited a bus or plane that I haven't said "Thanks for the ride" top the driver/pilot/stewards. It takes me 0 extra seconds to do this.
Bit late but any bus I go on in Brisbane everyone chucks in a "Cheers mate" or a "Thanks!" as they hop off the bus. Very rare to not hear it.
people didn’t do that before???
I always thank the drivers. As a result they've never enforced the "no drink" rule to my morning coffee.
Rick & Morton
keep up the good work wholesomememers and also you, bus drivers ;)
Even if the driver was an asshole i will still thank them on the way out?
Ive always thanked them upon exiting myself.
The power of memes
The power of the internet is baffling
In Finland it is very common first greet the driver when getting on and upon leaving call out thanks to them. This is 'habit' is usually more rare in bigger cities, but where I live it is very very common.
Shows how simple it is to be a decent human being
I never say "thank you" I just et out smile and wave at them to tell them "Hey thanks for getting me places"
In San Diego most people thank the bus driver when exiting, especially when you exit out the front door. I’m not sure if it’s a viral thing though because young, old, and everyone in between does it.
This is commonplace in Scotland before any memes
This is absolutely the norm in Madison, WI.
Saving the world, one meme at a time.
Was it just a UK thing? It's pretty rare I don't  hear people give a quick thanks or cheers
Thanking bus drivers is such a weird thing for me, and it all comes down to one thing - where the doors are placed. You basically never use the front door, it's not even opened automatically like the middle and back ones are, it's only if somebody queues up to it from inside or out that the driver opens it and it feels like an imposition.

But, say, when I'm in the UK? Where you enter and exit through the front door? It's only natural to thank the driver as you pass by him anyway.
Good manors is a meme now? I mean whatever to get the kids doing it, I guess.
Brown Cardigan on instagram for the wellspring.
When I was a bus driver I had bricks, fireworks, eggs and bottles thrown at the bus, a stone thrown at me that hit me in the eye, a dead pigeon picked up off the floor and thrown at me, my parentage called into question regularly (along with every piece of abusive language you can think of), and a gun pointed at me.  All in West Yorkshire, England. 

Please be nice to your driver. He/ she is only doing their job and taking you where you want to go.
No one is seeking a career in the bus industry.  Its just something that happens
How is this new? People have been doing  it in some countries as a common gesture since forever.
In MN we have been doing this my entire life. The real question is do we really mean it??
This is a fairly standard in Ireland? The Bus Driver could've been the biggest gobshite in the world but you still thanks...

Also "Thank you Mr. Taxi Man" is fairly standard.
I know in my area I'm in the minority of thanking the bus driver but it's always been something I do. On the days in high school when my parents couldn't give me change for the bus, all that kindness counted up and you'd get some of the most genuine human reactions from them by showing them the respect they deserve as a human being.

Current bus driver is a bro. Makes a habit of picking me up on my way home if I'm walking and seem tired even if I don't have the money.
Do people from other countries not already thank their bus drivers? I'm from Northern Ireland and the majority who board my bus thank them.
Hah! This is such bullshit! Next thing you know people will start applauding when a pilot lands the plane!
r/dankmemes
I thought I was the only weirdo who said thanks to the driver as I left. I usually got puzzled looks.
i missed the meme but honestly who doesn't thank the bus driver??
Huh, In Toronto at least this has always been the standard, but I guess not everywhere?
When I take the bus, everyone says thank you. Even when they get out through the middle doors, they say thank you before getting off the bus or scream it as they are stepping off.
I hate to break it to you guys but this is not a real news article
In the American southeast, it's a common courtesy to greet and thank your bus driver.
Thanking bud drivers is very common in Ireland.
Isn't thanking your bus driver just a social norm? Or is that only here in Canada?
Can we just appreciate for a second the fact that somebody is named "Rick Morton"
I say thank you when I buy the ticket or go out of the front door but feel too awkward to yell it from the back so I usually just mutter to myself
That's standard round my neck of the woods in the UK. It's just polite. :)
These kind of things is why I don't understand the EU banning memes
I wish that all of us would treat each other this way. Saying thank you is easy, and means a lot to the recipient even for the trivial things.
Would anyone happen to have a link to the article? I can't seem to find it anywhere on 'The Australian' news site.
I'm not trying to be funny or anything here... I live in Canada and this is just the norm here... I thought it came standard to wave and thank the bus driver all around the world. I live in a polite and apologetic bubble.
God damn it, I'd thought we'd stopped sending people over there! Who forgot to cancel the standing order?
Why did I read this "Receiving waves of penises"
This is the best thing I read all day
Well yeah don't you usually do this though?  Bus drivers take so much crap and while they won't necessarily remember you it's always appreciated maybe.

Well there is a bus driver I always see that got frustrated because every time I'm paying my fate I want to make sure my card is charged.  He said it's fine you're good! 

Sorry for wanting to make sure asshole.  So I just don't say anything to him anymore but he still has stop for me anyway.
Not exactly the same but our school bus driver was always thanked about 30 times from all the kids getting off the bus. Especially the ones who drove for sports as they had to sit there afterschool and whatever game.
It’s pretty standard here in the north of the UK 🇬🇧
Receiving?
Memes are helping to make a positive difference in the world? These are strange times my friend, strange indeed.
In my school thanking the bus driver is the norm
Receiving*
What meme is this referring to?
I know it's a meme, however a lot of the bus drivers really should get thanked. It is a service, for free in some areas. Glad to hear about this
Standard practice in Canada.
Does anyone from Sydney’s east remember the cheerio man? He was a legendary bus driver from the Bondi Junction depot.
Raising a couple of pints for Australia! 🍻
On my city's buses, there are always at least 2 doors, and they're strictly entrance/exit. I never get to thank the bus driver, but I do always say hello when I get on.
Thanking the bus driver is a new thing?!?  I did that every day day back and forth for 5 years of college public transit
now THIS is what i LIKE to SEE
Is it not normal to thank the bus driver?
Can someone explain this to me? How do you even say thanks when you get off 20 meters away from the driver? Seems more logical to greet the driver when you get on the bus.
As a Canadian this confuses me,how is thanking your bus driver a recent meme thing? shit weve been doing since before internet memes were a thing. Kinda fucked that basic politeness has to be praised
I would be that ass that didn't read further due to the "receiving" typo.
I thought this was just a normal thing
Humans are such fragile, fickle beings...
It probablly varries by location.
I've always thanked my drivers, but in my area I seem to be the minority.
in my city you exit the buss from the middle or back doors - not the front. makes it pretty hard to thank the driver but i've done so a few times.

its strange because in the other city i grew up in(same country) you enter trough the back or middle doors and exit from the front. 

seems to be a matter of trust - in copenhagen you must prove that you have a ticket and in århus they assume you do.

edit: great, my cake day is a day when i'll be traveling to see my family.
I've never *not* seen someone thank the bus driver upon leaving.  Then again, I'm Canadian, and we *do* have a reputation for being polite.
Im in the south, and every bus ride  Ive been on (high school included) has a big thankyou train of people at the end of it. Not sure whats going on with this meme thing
Where im from it's very common. I was suprised when I went to other countries and it didn't happen.
I was confused too, everyone thanks bus drivers where I'm from.
Apparently not. I always tell my kids to thank the driver and judging by how taken with it the other passengers are it's not a usual occurrence.

- Jesusice live from Iowa
I live 10 minutes from where this photo was taken. It's relatively normal here. I wouldn't say everyone does it, but far from rare.
Given the position of the driver, is this in the UK? I've never been on a bus where the passengers don't thank or cheers on their way out.
This is the expected thing in Ireland, anything less is seen as snooty or rude.
Agreed. From Australia and everyone does it here from what Ive experienced
I sometimes go to thank them but back out at the last second because social anxiety. But today I will say thank you. Fuck it.
I don't know, I haven't ridden the Shane train in nearly 20 years but I always said thanks. Didn't even think about it.
I do when I’m the only person getting out or one of the only people in the bus
I try to say thank you when walking out of any establishment, mobile or otherwise. Restaurants, transportation, shops, etc. Even when I was in school I would say thank you to the professors before walking out of class. It’s practically out of habit at this point.
I thought this was a British thing. When I was in UK during an exchange, everyone thanked the drivers, so I thought it was just British politeness. We don't do that in my country tho.
Here in germany most people don't even say hello when entering the bus
In Denmark, you don't go out in the front of the bus so you'd have to yell through the bus to say thank you. I do nod to the driver when I walk past him/her at the front of the bus, and say thanks or good day when I enter the bus.
I always try to say thanks. Sometimes it can feel weird saying it loudly from the middle/toward the back if that's where you exit, but I'd rather feel weird for trying to be polite than feel like an ass for being rude.
That's what I thought was weird, this article is Australian and everyone in Australia thanks the driver when exiting the bus.
Same. Pretty common here in Canada. If you don't, you get dirty looks.
No. I live in a medium size city. You just say "Hi" as you walk on, but nothing when you leave. And not everyone greet the driver either.

What kind of city do you live in? I'm curious if it's related to the size, as a smaller community has friendlier citizens.
It's so normal in Melbourne but when I visited Sydney i felt no one does that.
In London it's impractical to thank bus drivers, I get off the opposite side of the bus to them
That was my first thought, I thank my bus drivers every day, as do the rest of the commuters. The person got you there in one piece while you slept!
I think school bus drivers are like never thanked
Yeah, this kind of weirded me out more than anything. My mother taught me from a young age to thank drivers - I do it ranging from school bus drivers when I was in school, to taxi and city bus drivers nowadays. It's just what I grew up knowing as 'the right thing to do'.
I want to ask but I'm afraid to get downvoted. What are you thanking for? It's a job, he does a job. ???. I mean, he just drives and stops at the bus stops, he doesn't do it *for you* personally. 

In my country you get out throw the back and middle door mostly and driver is in a 'cabin' of sort, separated from the rest of the bus, maybe that's why we don't do that, but I just don't get it still.
Honestly, it's one of the best return on investment out there. A genuine compliment or comment and then boom, a better mood for another fellow human being. It also cost next to zero usd.
It's totally normal in my part of the UK, we've always said cheers or thanks as we get off the bus. 

Sometimes I don't say thanks, that's my passive aggressive version of complaining. I reserve that for if they're late, or if they drive dangerously.
I really just wish this is what people made memes about two years ago, instead of making pro trump memes.

I don’t entirely blame people who made those memes. I think many thought it was a joke and had no idea that silly memes would actually affect our presidential election.
What’s the meme ?
Ive lived in the south all my life and the shame you feel if you've forgotten to thank the bus driver is something that never leaves you
I like to thank pilots on small domestic flights in New Zealand, but in the exact same manner as a bus driver. So just as I'm disembarking I'll shout out "Cheers Driver".
All the kids at my school thanked the bus drivers.  We thanked the school bus drivers in elementary school and we thanked the county bus drivers in middle and high school.  I'm from California.
Birmingham here, never even occurred to me that there are people who don't thank the driver, seems kind of rude not to.
See it all the time in the South! :)
I commute around Reading, Oxford and Slough. Can confirm that most people thank the driver, most of the time.
It's rare to see in London, but common in other areas of the south of England.
I was just thinking the same thing, do others countries not do this?
New Zealand here, same.
Makes me wonder if it was just someone from the north of England who went to this place and was cool enough to start a trend of thanking the bus driver.
I’m from London and we do it where I live, at least :)
Yep used to get park and ride into town a lot as a kid and my mum always made sure I thanked the bus driver so I have ever since.
I feel guilty for not thanking train attendants (conductor?) when I got off even though they're at the other end of the train. Feel like I owe a lot of train dudes a pint.
Cheers Drive
Absolutely have not seen this since moving to London last year. It's a real culture shock!
Not really sadly
Massachusetts here. I don't think I've ever seen it, just not a thing here. That said, I'll try to keep it in mind in the future.
Don't do it in London, they'll realise you're an outsider and tut at you do hard.
I have this weird thing where I reflexively say “you’re welcome” at my job. I’ll xray them and take them back to their room and say the doctor will be in in a moment. They usually say thanks and I usually say you’re welcome and leave the room. Sometimes they respond “ok” and I’ll still say it. I always feel dumb afterward but at least I’m out of the room.
Its so ingrained in me to thank everyone i even thank cash/vending machines.
I say thank you to everyone too but I never actually talk to the bus driver so it just never occurred to me. Going to start doing it now.
Gosh, I thank people for everything, as well, now that I think of it. I thank people for handing my credit card back after I've already thanked them
Yeah, what was it?
I live in Poland and no one actually says thanks in my city.

The only people saying thanks are the ones that were too late and the bus driver waited for them while they ran to catch that bus.

I tried doing it a few times but, I just get ignored by the driver.
Nobody does it in New York
I'd have to shout quite loud to be heard from the exit door over engine and traffic
Toronto :P I mean sometimes you say it but normally you dont.
In Germany you don't say thank you because you leave out the back door, far away from the bus driver
Russia, Ukraine, Eastern Europe. What is there to thank for? It's not like he stopped *for you*.
thanking the driver seems more like the exception than the rule in my experience - i think we just take it for granted.

i mean, i don't thank the teller at the supermarket for their service - its their job. 

not that i disagree with doing these things but if everyone did them all the time i think it would become meaningless.

edit: sometimes a teller will bid me a good day or whatever is applicable and i will wish them the same, but thats different.
Hamburg is particularly cold for this too!

That said, in Paris I had a guy stare at me for a minute solid and then burst out laughing and literally did not stop laughing for 15 minutes. I was so creeped out I got off the metro first chance I got.
The US gets a lot of crap, but that's one thing I think we do right- we thank everyone for everything, make polite small talk, etc. I have social anxiety, so, sometimes it's a bit much, but thanking others, giving/getting complimented by strangers, having a brief pleasant chat with with the cashier..... it can really lift your spirits.
Be the change you wish to see in the world! Even if it is just thanking the bus driver, you're making someone happy :)
Vancouver is both. Don't talk to other people on the bus, but thank the bus driver.
This totally makes up for the whole Boston Bomber thing!
Apart from those that throw things at you and call you a bastard.
Same in Australia with the bus, it's notable when someone gets off without saying thanks.
Had to scroll way too far before someone mentioned it.
It absolutely is. Is also very much the standard in the UK too. I wouldn't dream of not saying thank you to the bus driver, or uber driver, or anyone really
Sitting on a metro bus into Belfast for free because I forgot to get cash out. Driver let me straight on. 

This is why I genuinely thank every bus driver.
You thank the bus driver at home?
Apparently not NSW
I don’t think so either. ‘Receiving’ is misspelled multiple times.
It's not real, check the author name and the twitter handle...
If you don't mind me asking, where do you drive?
Same here in England. It’s and to think people don’t thank their drivers. I’d thank the train drivers if I could, they are getting us A to B. It’s important to us that we have that service, therefore the drivers are very important.
You can still do it. Don’t worry about other people overhearing you.
I was hoping I would see a comment like this here.
Oy. Spend time in Los Angeles. People are rude AF. (Which is why I always went out of my way to be polite whilst living in Southern California, tbh...)
We’re they an asshole to you specifically or to a belligerent passenger? Sometimes our emotions get the best of us unfortunately. I tend to give them a thank you when they are in a bad mood hoping it will make them happier.
Pretty sure people have been doing it in Australia since forever as well.. It's nice but I'm not sure why it's news?
But they're trying, they're learning, and if you stay a while and watch, you can see they're actually getting better.
Yeah here in my part of the UK it's pretty much routine to say something like "cheers, drive". At least that's what I've become accustomed to since having to get the school bus. Very rarely does somebody not say thanks to the driver, whether that be school bus or everyday life.
I take the bus every day in San Francisco, and I'd say that probably about half of the riders thank the driver on exiting.  I do it 99% of the time, but sometimes I get distracted.  I also usually say "good morning" or "good afternoon" when I board, but most people don't seem to do that.
I live in Brisbane and usually just shout thank you down the bus if I’m exiting out a middle door. Usually everyone does it once you do, so it’s not that awkward if your far away from them :)
Happy Cake Day!
I shout a quick "thank you" and wave to them in the mirror they have to watch those doors.
I just yell thank you! And I'm on my way.
Another Dane here, though from the south. We enter at the front and exit at the back/middle. But quite often people shout to the bus driver "have a nice day" and such. Warms my heart.
In my city we enter the front and leave through the front, happy cake day!
Nearly the same in Germany, most cities (that I've been to) allow you to enter wherever you want, but no exit in the front (unless the bus is over capacity) so no saying thanks.
Here in Switzerland it doesn't matter where you enter or leave, you can use all doors for everything
Same in mine but everyone just aggressively yells it from the back
In Belgium you exit from the middle/back, but everyone still waves to the driver as they're about to get out. Most drivers wave back.
I'm Australian and we are known for being cunts.  

But i always see people greeting and saying thanks to bus drivers.  

I mean if i don't drive the least i can do is thank the driver
I live in NYC, a place not known for politeness, and in my experience people always thank the drivers here.
Yeah I’m British, feels like I’m making a point about the driver being shit if I don’t thank them, like not leaving a tip in a restaurant. If I just forget to say cheers to the driver I genuinely feel bad.
What country are you in that you DON'T thank people for doing their jobs?

It's just polite I suppose?

Cashier? Thank you, have a nice day.

Waiter? Looks lovely thank you.

Doorman? Thanks very much. Beautiful out, eh?
We need banks for compliments
I’m the same. Always say thank you unless they’ve been a tosser 😂
Cheers drive!
Its a meme that sais that peopel who thank the bus drivwr arw better in every /one way
apparently, it's thanking the driver of the bus for the service rendered! What a great idea!
[When your realise you didn't say "Cheers drive" upon getting off](https://imgur.com/a/kbUkqRz)
True, but some buses you get off in the middle and I wouldn’t shout down the bus. Well until I met a Canadian who said they get off the back and no self respecting Canadian would get off without shouting the length of the bus!

Edit: changed would to wouldn’t coz that’s what I meant to say!
It's the judging eyes that keep people in line in the south. The South remembers
In London, it's only perhaps 10% of people who will thank the driver, but then the majority of time we're pushing past people to get out a door that's nowhere near the driver, so no chance to thank them.

Fuckin' London...
The classic kiwi chorus of cheers driver as everyone gets off the bus. Worked in Wellington for 2 years, every stop has atleast half the people getting off yelling it out.
Also from California. Everyone I know and most strangers I see thank public bus drivers.
I'm British but live in the US, brought my (American) boyfriend for the UK for the first time. Had to give him etiquette lessons on things like

1. Thanking bus drivers
2. Standing on the right
3. Advanced queuing
4. How to signal the number two

amongst others.
I stopped thanking drivers if they're more than 10 minutes late. Almost made me late at a job interview once.
Big up Slough!
I put on my most Yorkshire accent upon exiting the bus and revel in the eye rolls. Suck on that, at least I'm polite to the driver.

Only to go straight back to cursing tourists out loud for ambling four wide.
Waiter/waitress: "enjoy your dinner :)"

Me: "thanks, you too"   
. . .  
._.
Sometimes an unappreciated thanks is the most sincere one.
Typical for Eastern Europe really. Ukraine is the same way
School children are the only ones that don't. Most people entering say good morning/w.e and thank the bus driver if they leave from the front.
Some of the people in my city just give a sort of salute/wave in the general direction of the mirror they have.
Growing up, I was encouraged to be quiet. No yelling, talking loud. Etc. 
 
Yelling "Thank you" at the top of my lungs to the bus driver was completely cathartic. I was always excited for my stop. Holy moly, I thought, I'm gonna drown out everything *with* *my* *appreciation*.
Yeah it's usually a couple people saying thanks while everyone shuffles off. To be fair the TTC is constantly having service disruptions and outages and detours and short turns...so I think some people are just miserable on transit and extend that misery to the driver.
Yeah I don't know why they haven't discovered the backdoor in the UK (where I live) yet. They must've skipped an early branch in the tech tree.
Its polite
Its the standard in Ireland an the UK. Its just what you do.i always thank the teller at supermarkets too.
UK here. Always thank the bus driver and the teller. Seems super weird to just walk away without saying anything. Normally tell them to have a good day / evening as well. Come to think of it I thank most people I interact with. Why wouldn't you?
It doesnt matter to me whether or not its their job. They provided a service to me, and im grateful for it. I always thank the teller, and anyone else who is just doing their job.
its always one or the other with them
What's my old man got to do with any of this?
Must not be in all parts, since this article is from Australia.
This is really good and should be standard everywhere.
I live in NSW and people do this all the time.
Liverpool uk
I admit that I once thanked the automatic doors out of habit when i took a train instead of the bus.
I can’t believe people are like that, but it’s admirable that you’re extra polite to make up for them 😊
> Cheers, drive

West country confirmed
Yeah, visited my sister in Kent to pick her up from uni. She said everyone thanks the bus drivers when getting off so I followed suit while there. 

Never do it in London but we both said it was at the very least the fact that there’s only one entrance/exit so it’d b a bit rude to just leave without thanking them. Compared to London where we generally have up to 3 doors it’s less personal. That and London being more populated so the chances of seeing the same driver is unlikely.
Nobody gonna post the THANKS DRIVER video?
If you don't say thankyou all the old ladies still on the bus will judge you HARD.
Yeah everyone in Wellington shouts "THANKS DRIVER" down from the back door. Always makes me smile when I go home.
People do that in Adelaide too :)
I shout it from the back door. Drivers appreciate it. Then again, my uncle is a bus driver.
Maybe I was just not attentive but when I was in Brisbane for a year I was kind of culture shocked from not hearing everyone say thank you. Every city I've lived in here (Canada) basically everyone says it. Maybe your kindness is contagious
From the US, we exit the middle of the bus too, but people typically say “thank you” or “have a good day!” loud enough for the bus driver to hear. It’s not considered weird or anything here - at least in my area of the US
You thank if they done something to you personally. Someone holds a door — thank you. Someone takes away your plates and napkins — thank you. The bus driver though would be on the route and making stops whether you're on it or not, so you're thanking him for the action he'd do anyway? It's like thanking a cashier because he's *at the register*. 

Russia/Ukraine. We thank everyone you mentioned, but not the bus drivers.
Just not a BoA for compliments

>Your account balance is too low so we charged you a fine which put you in the negative, so we charged you another fine.
“... unless they’ve been a tosser” best phrase I’ve heard all day
Cannot tell if this is just atrocious spelling or I have been b8’d, so I’m confused.
Yeah here in London you don't tend to do it unless it's a late night bus. The reasoning being it must be pretty shit for drivers to have to work late shifts so you're extra grateful that they do.

During normal hours it's a bit weird to shout out a thank you from halfway down the bus.
Am Canadian. Can confirm I will shout “THANK YOU SIR (or ma’am)” from the back door. Even on the long double busses with the bendy part in the middle. I will still shout all the way up, not sure if they actually hear me in that case but it’s the thought that counts in that case.
Aah we have the benefit of singe point of access at the front by me
I'm from NZ too, I've always thanked the bus driver even if I have to speak a little louder. Not doing so feels weird.
> "advanced queuing"

And by teaching him that, he probably behaves better than half these cobs.
Slough has one of those really grimy sounding names. Like Skegness or Scunthorpe
It's just a bit strange shouting it from halfway down the bus. I usually say thanks when I get on. Only times I say it as I get off are if I happen to get off at the front or if it's late at night.
Yep Basically this! Lol
I can't even answer aloud people who talk to me from other side of the room, I walk up to them to answer, lol, unless im angry
I'm from Toronto so I'm used to not thanking the bus driver but when I moved to Guelph for university I noticed a huge difference. Almost everyone thanks the bus driver here to the point where it's almost expected that you thank them. It's pretty funny when you're getting off at campus and there's just a huge wave of thank you's coming from from the number of students getting off. I have to say though, Guelph bus drivers are much friendlier and nicer than TTC drivers, even though Guelph transit is pretty terrible.
Yeh, we say thank you to anyone who has performed a service to help us. Bus drivers, cashiers, people who prep our food, people who hold doors open for us.

Its called being polite and doesn't cost a penny.
dang, i guess TIL that because of the standards of my society i have probably inadvertently been rude to a lot of people. 

now that i think of it a bit more, the interaction with the teller in the supermarket usually does involve something along the lines of thanking the teller.

teller: that will be *amount*

*customer pays*

teller: would you like a receipt? 

customer: no, thank you

(sometimes)teller: have a nice day/evening/night/weekend/current holiday

customer: same to you
so how does the conversation with the teller go? where do you thank him?
The news article that the post is about is by a reporter in NSW, about a NSW bus driver who is surprised by a sudden increase in people (assumed to be people within the state) saying 'thank you' to him
I had a southern Nana who’d roll over in her grave if I didn’t call people ma’am or sir...!
Nope, Wales. It's something i'd suspect would be said a lot around like Birmingham and London too to be fair.
The oyster card / contactless payments on london buses doesn't really involve the driver very much for speed and efficiency whereas largely outside of London you have to tell the driver where you're going so he can charge you the correct price. Therefore you have usually already entered into a conversation with the driver at some point so it is polite to end the conversation when you leave.

Whereas in London there is rarely any need to acknowledge the driver at all.
[THANKS DRIVER.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpmFnUTkpL0)
Yea it's always been like that in Wellington as long as I have known. It's awesome. I hope the rest of NZ is the same but haven't taken public transport traveling in other cities so I wouldn't know.
Victoria also
Same is true for Phoenix, AZ and Portland, OR.
That'll depress depressed people further.
I didn't know London buses don't open doors at the front to let people off so I awkwardly walked up, said thanks to the driver and waited far too long at the closed door before walking back to the open one.

Also my driver's didn't even look at me when I boarded waving my travelcard at them.

London is a strange place
That’s why you guys are so awesome, british politeness with American boldness!
As does nearby Staines.


Who the fuck names a town Staines.
Its more than being polite. Its treating them as a human being instead of something lower.
"have a good day"

"thanks, you too"
When you take your stuff, or they hand you your change?

'Cheers, have a good day' as you leave.
When they give you change or receipt say something like "cheers bro, have a good evening". I'm actually really surprised this is strange to you, this is like minimum required politeness over here unless you're an asshole haha
It's actually kinda in the middle. Many people say thank you but many people also don't.

Source: I live near marrickville and catch the bus every week.
Honest question: how much does Wales overlap with what people consider the West country? Or is it the case that where Wales starts, it just stops West country?
Im in Gloucester and most of us just go "Cheers mate" or "cheers boss"
People in London don't really thank the driver. It is done occasionally, but certainly not often
I don’t think that’s a contactless thing. It’s just London. Even the free shuttle buses in Manchester everyone says thanks or cheers to the driver when getting off.
Haha, weegies mun, topper.
Everyone does it in Auckland. Don't really understand how this isn't universal.
Can confirm that we also shout our thanks from the middle door in Auckland. It's particularly heart-warming during peak uni hours and you just hear an onslaught of thanks from students getting off the bus.
I’ve seen many a foreigner to London waiting for the wrong doors to open!
guess im just thinking about it pedanticly - the thanks is implied with the well wish and all.
 
but in that case it would feel more like i'm thanking the person for the well wishing
its not strange to me and i do reply when they tell me good day but im not thanking them for their service in that instance, im thanking them for wishing me a good day.

i think we just assume that people are not assholes rather than having to affirm the opposite.

the teller is not there for my thanks, he is there for his paycheck. we are curteous of course but there seems no reason to thank him for doing his job
The West Country usually refers to the South West of England, the Welsh would probably get very annoyed if they got lumped in with the English.
My only real experience with the West country is a friend from there who came to the same university as me in Wales, and he's pretty much exactly like us although we laugh at his accent and the way he says things like Somerset. The same can be said pretty much about anyone who comes here though whether they're valleys Welsh, South Wales, London, Birmingham etc. Everyone in the age group of teens and twenties are pretty much the same, they just think everyone else has the funnier accent or have their own local buzzwords as part of their daily speak.
The Severn estuary is a fairly clear break between the two.  That and the roadsigns go funny past the border. Its like it's another country! 😂
Yeah those things get said here too. I take a liking to "cheers, drive" myself but I've heard any variation of "thanks/cheers/nice one" followed by "mate/drive/boss/buddy/pal/butt". Just depends who you are. Sometimes stuff like this can feel quite distinct depending on your area but so many people can speak or grow up differently from one location to another that there's a lot of verbal overlap.
I've never taken the free buses in Manchester. Feels like a trap
I've actually worked in London for the last two years but never had to take a bus. Itqp, Lewisham as well
There's no reason to. But it might brighten someone's day and it costs nothing so why not?
Say no more, I'd get upset if people assumed that Portugal is part of Spain as well.
More accurately: the West Country gets very annoyed that they got lumped in with the English. Many of them consider themselves to be Welsh.
Ever since we moved Office from near Piccadilly to spinningfields they have become very dear to my heart. Especially on rainy days. Which we never have, obvs.
Well there’s no way that was even nearly the weirdest thing to happen in Lewisham that day. Last time I was there a guy was eating a cucumber like it was an apple. And my friend once had a woman walk in front of her car and aggressively get her vagina out!
Wow. There are that many buses in Lewisham that it’s easy to get on one by accident if you just time crossing the road wrong.
I feel this is slightly different as Spain and Portugal are different countries
I don't think that's true, mate. Perhaps some people from Cornwall think of themselves as Celts but you're not gonna meet someone from Bristol who considers themself a boyo.
haha, been a weird run of sunshine lately. I can only imagine they are brewing up something awful for us up there.
Christ. Normally have to pay for that kind of action!

In fairness, earlier that day there was a woman sat behind me having her phone conversation at hysterical shouting volume... Thing is, it was a perfectly mundane conversation. Bizarre.
Beautiful - she looks so pleased with them and so motherly and the kittens look very happy - what is not to love about it all 😍
SURPRISE MUTHACLUCKER
I always wonder if kittens under chickens enjoy being sat on by the chicken. Or why does the chicken do this
Awww! I was totally just expecting chicks!
Aw ❤ That chicken is more motherly than my mum.
“They are mine no matter what you say, now go away and don’t come back human.” ~The Mom
r/unexpected would love this
Moms gotta mom.
That’s so cuteee this is why I come here
This would have been an awesome April fools joke the hen played on the farmer. “No eggs today, Earl”
Those are some confused, but hopefully very very warm, kittens. <3
Look at all these chickens!
Where can I get a chicken who lays kittens?
A mothers love knows no bounds or species.
I love the sleepy kitten faces.
Mamas don’t like it when you mess with their behbes!
"No move me! I must protecc the babies!!!"
Best. Surprise. Ever.
I wish I could sleep in the warm hay beneath a giant hen three times my size
Good thing it wasn't a duck mother. Imagine her frustration when it came time for her "chicks" to start swimming.
One of the kittens eye doesnt look so good, could be a problem later on.
FaT cHiCK eXpOSeS hEr Pu$$y
Your T-Rex is broken mister.
Hens will sit on just about anything that could be vaguely mistaken for a chick. The best part is she will continue sitting on them even when she is just sitting atop a large mound of kittens.
I like how the kittens slowly recede back under her. :P
Those are gonna be the strangest behaving kittens ever lol
Probably saw Angelina Jolie adopt cats on Oprah
"I don't know what they are, but they're mine, and you're NOT HAVING THEM!"
These sure are cute baby chicks
I think the father will have some questions
Well now I'm a vegetarian......
"...motherclucka!"
promiscuous chicken
Not your chicks Henrietta.
Both of their complete unawareness makes this 20x more adorable.
Some one not paying attention is about to make the world's most tragic omelette.
Those little kitties look like "what the fuzz man, why'd you move our blanket and wake us up"
I expected little chicks. 😁
Whos feeding the kittens?
My life is a lie..
Omg that's so Sweet!!!!
Sleeping with the enemy
My guess was bunnies
It figures I would see something like this so recently after starting my attempt to give up beef, pork, and seafood. Been a week so far, and feeling fine with it, but this does me no favors.
How she gonna feed them?
So it goes, egg, chicken, cat?
Those kittens will have life long trauma when they get hungry and need to suckle
Chicken and Kittens. The children’s book I never knew we needed
Yeah this is cute and shit. Inter species motherhood. But couldn't they suffocate to death?
look at aaall those chickens
How massive is this chicken??
This is one of my favorite r/aww posts
My two favorite animals. I’m so happy.
My heart just melted!
What a cute family!
Look at all those chickens!
"You take my eggs, I take your kittens. Give me the food and no one gets hurt."
I've always said that animals r much better people than humans! Lol😄
Well that was unexpected
Brooders gonna brood! 😊
How does this even happen? lol
I was terrified that it would be a snake.
#  Do kittens hatch from eggs?  :))
Those are some strange looking chicks
When you are jealous of kittens...
Its like that video of the priest and the slapped baby from a few days ago
That's so adorable!
What a beautiful hen, and such a kind one too. Our chickens barely take their own. Good job chicken
That's a weird looking mother cat.
The cutest part are the kittens trying to get back under the chicken lol
Best nanny ever
Chickitties!
The cutest video ever alive 

Alive Chickens + Cats


OMFG
There is a rooster out there with a deep sense of betrayal
 I want a bird that lays kitten eggs.
Has science gone too far?
She looks so annoyed, like "don't you now how long it took me to get all of them under me at once, damnit"
Don’t talk to me or my.... very ugly chickens ever again
r/unexpected
Chickens are sweet and smarter than people think
Probs a repost but r/animalsbiengbros is a good place for this too
Awww!!  I want a chicken that lays kittens!!
Damn  seriously roosters get a lot of hate, but goddamn  dad of the year over here
Have you ever worked or had chickens? There is nothing aww about them. They are bad mother fuckers
She protecc
How can I save this on my PHONEEEE?
Ironically the kittens will mature and their stand in mother will become sustenance. Nature is metal.
Those are the strangest chickens I've ever seen
those are some ugly chicks.

seriously.....this is adorable.
Welp. They are baby chickens now
TIL that kitties evolved from chickens. Science: 1 Creationism: 0
Are you my mother?
Surprise Meowtherfeathers!
That looks like one pissed of hen.
now that's what I call babysitting at it's finest.
What I want to know is why do some farm cats do this? Don’t get me wrong, it’s absolutely adorable & all, but why does this happen?
I love how she attacks the hay.
Adoption is such a beautiful thing.
Is op the new gallowboob? 😒
“I know what they look like, but I do not care. They  my baby chicks and I will love them forever.”
What's interesting that this hen breed isn't even the most motherly. Silkies could be mothers to any kind of furry/feathery babies.
That’s going to be a great Disney movie
The oddest looking chickens I've ever seen.
Hens make the best mothers
good hen
loook at alll those chickens!
That's one selfless chicken. What if the cat comes and eats it.
I really wish I was one of the kitties
Uh oh, someone's got some explaining to do.
Don’t lift me.  These are my babies.  Hatched them myself.
Where's the milk?
I expected kittens because there are too many videos like that.
Wow! I was expecting to see black chicks
That gif again ...
Wasn’t surprised. It’s a repost.
Hen fren keeps kittehs warms nd safe
r/unexpected
I sit in your general direction!
Now this is a chicken I would take for a walk
Someone’s down-voting comments that say this is a repost? I saw this several months ago. It’s not new.
Why y'all muthafuckas act like u bout them chicken feels. Shout out /r/vegan
Why is this gif so long though? Asking for a friend.
This will come back to bite her......
The.n they grow up and come back and kill chicken. Because cats
Hen: The cycle ends here!
A broody hen will even sit on rocks, golfballs...It's a hormonal thing. And it's takes a tonne of work to "break" a broody. My dear, sweet, Miss MoneyPenny became a flat screaming pancake when she went broody. And she was stubborn about it too.
Is this OC? OP did you just give kittens to a broody hen?

Edit: its not OC
Yeah, I totally guessed it was kittens. Spending waaay too much time on Reddit amirite?
Another typical repost
Would be a better surprise if the kittens were adopted by humans and the chicken were a sandwich.
The only thing missing is mothers milk.  

When I was a kid, one of our chickens laid eggs in a parts bin in the shed.  The chicken would leave for a while and the cat would jump up on the counter and lay on the eggs.  The chicken would return and cluck and pace back and forth and the cat would leave.
Uh that one in back with the blue eyes looks to be the next grumpy cat.
Well i don’t love the fact that she kidnapped a bunch of children...
Please don’t tell me that chicken doesn’t go into nuggets later in future
[removed]
Rooster translation: SUNRISE MUTHAFUCKA
And now I'm imagining Die Hard as performed by chickens... 

"Now I have a machine gun. Cluck cluck cluck."
Father-Mother must be stopped!  
...that trick...with the bomb...
Take my upvote internet stranger. Came here to say this and was not disappointed!
Kittens like being warm and hens naturally incubate baby animals.
Chickens underside are actually pretty squishy. Like memory foam. The body warmth combined with the weight of the fat would probably be something like 4 fat blankets on top of you for the kittens
You *always* wonder this?
Hens can be so overcome with their desire to set chicks that they will sit on anything resembling eggs and chicks. They kind of go into a trance, its such an odd instinct to witness. 

Sometimes I have had to put one into a cage to "break" her of this when she was insistent on setting eggs that would never hatch, to the extent that she was losing weight and declining in health.
Because now they're her kittens.
I know right. Can they breathe?
I was afraid, rats 🐀
Young chicks get enough upvotes on this site.
The last second shade on the mum.
Not difficult to achieve with my mum.
"Never speak to me or my five furry sons ever again."
The thumbnail showed the kittens under the chicken before the video even plays.
r/animalsbeingmoms
Aye you laugh but I was raging when I got back from tesco and the eggbox was full of kittens. They're much harder to shell.
Sometimes I miss Vine.
aw man I didn't see your comment until after I posted the same. looks like you were faster lol
Until she shits in your mouth.
It just looks like it hasn’t fully opened yet, some kitties take longer than others. (Has had lots of kittens)
WATCH TIL END
Eh. They have a brain the size of a dime. I don't blame them.
Haha, can't eat those precious little chicken-kitties!
Life, uh, finds a way
Chickens don't weigh very much. Her weight would be distributed between all of the kittens so she would feel like even less weight. Also, chickens are meant to do this with their young so if the chicks can breathe I'd imagine the kittens would have no problem either.
Yeah, those kittens are hungry
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVCBRrrAMcY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVCBRrrAMcY)

Posted on youtube november 2017 ...
Why are you pretending to be black?
Cognitive dissonance is uncomfortable, so people just irrationally compartmentalize. Too common, unfortunately, and at the root of all apathy (despite people caring about the underlying issue) toward obvious problems for humans, animals, institutions, etc. Making oneself think that two things which are similar are actually dissimilar can be much easier than actually finding a solution (or even acknowledging responsibility for the consequences of one's actions).
I'd say it's about right.

I wasn't sure if the 'surprise' would be the hen attacking the human, or what. Then I saw the hen was parked on top of some black life-form (which I thought might be chicks of another species), but they eventually turned out to be kittens.

What a narrative!
Eh, they might even return the favour.

https://youtu.be/bkXRuayRw4U?t=90
Nah this has been reposted a good bit
hAhA gUYs diD yOu sEE wHAt i wROTe?? cHiCKen sANdWHicH!!!
Unexpected Milo & Otis
It’s almost like species differentiation disappears once a “mom.” All they see is baby that needs a mom and they fill that roll no matter predator or prey. It’s very cute.
All the more reason to love it!
Those kittens were willingly crawling underneath that chicken.

That chicken may have threatened them, but they were willing.
Well maybe their mom should have thought of that before she illegally crossed the border.
that's irrelevant
About eating cats?
KENTUCKY FRIED MOTHERFUCKA
Don't hurt me, you're one of the hens.
> hens naturally incubate baby animals.

Depends on the hen.  Obelisk didn't have a broody bone in her body. But Leghorn were bred to be egglayers.
Any animals?
Also chickens are HOT.....their body temp is quite a bit higher than ours, it's somewhere around 105 degrees
When ever I see a pic with a hen on kittens yep
That’s sad. Had a duck lay eggs in my backyard over a month ago, and I couldn’t help but wonder what she’d do if none of them hatched. Luckily 7/11 hatched and she went on her merry way after taking them for a dip in my pool :)
Yup, it's called being broody
I felt a snake vibe from the handlers hesitancy
yeah but whats under the kittens smart guy?
Sometimes it's just crusty sleepy eye.
Oh me ether I just think it's funny.
Well, so do crows, and they're among the most intelligent species on the planet
Rekt
I was just making a stupid comment didn't expect anyone to take it seriously.
But would a cat even really understand the purpose of sitting on the eggs? I feel if anything, the cat might do it simply mimicking the hen.
lol tell that to the hyenas eating alive newborn calfs

It's a cute vid, but don't antropomorphize animals too much... :)
He needs extra love
Good ‘ol Stockholm Syndrome
CHICKEN THIGHS MOTHERFUCKA
TIL chicken breeds have pretty metal names.
I say, as senior rooster ’round here, it’s my duty, and my pleasure, to instruct junior roosters in the ancient art of roostery.
Is that why Foghorn is always looking for that sweet, sweet henhouse?
[i had to](http://www.yugiohcardmaker.net/ycmaker/createcard.php?name=Obelisk+the+Motherclucker&cardtype=Monster&subtype=effect&attribute=Wind&level=12&rarity=Ultimate+Rare&picture=tempimages%2F629791603.jpg&circulation=&set1=&set2=&type=Chicken+God&carddescription=When+this+card+is+face-up+on+the+field+your+opponent+is+clucked.+If+they+have+any+monsters+they+are+ignored%2C+left+abandoned%2C+and+forgotten+just+like+the+eggs+in+%2709.%0D%0AJust+tell+them+to+pack+up+their+shit+and+get+the+hell+out.%0D%0AYou+came+to+the+wrong+hen+house%2C+motherclucker...&atk=6666&def=6666&creator=&year=2018&serial=31664269)
I have nipples, Greg.
Hehehehe


Hen on a hippo
Anything they can sit on really. Golfballs, nothing, just whatever. Though it would have to be something they didn’t think was good so probably not small reptiles.
well i was expecting the spanish inquisition. ive had enough of being surprised by it.
The hesitation comes from dealing with a hen in full protective mode.  They’re dumb as bricks and usually just kind of awkward, but if you threaten something a hen is protecting, then may God have mercy on you, because that chicken most assuredly will have none.
A broody hen will fuck you up.
Straw/hay?
I can relate.
Ah ok. Tone tends to be lost in text.

*Edit: I guess saying so pissed someone off?*
More like stealing the warm spot, my dog does the same thing every time I stand up.
That actually happens. Predators sometimes try to adopt babies of their prey species if they're out of hunt mode. I would not call that cute though, since you can imagine how that generally ends.
it’s true that we shouldn’t anthropomorphize animals too much, but that doesn’t mean we should think of them as incapable of emotion. here’s a video on a wildebeest calf imprinting on a lioness
https://youtu.be/E5J_ARKyftA
Stockfarm Syndrome.

In time those kittens will eat chicken without a second thought.
FELINES MOTHERFUCKER
Some of them. There's also Plymouth Rock, Ameraucana, Buff Orpington and Silkies.
Some of them also have a metal look as well. I used to raise these things. Really stupid animials, but cool as hell. 

https://www.mypetchicken.com/PicturePop.aspx?image=/images/chickenPix/Large/Studio_WCBPlshCk_7659_L.jpg
Looks like it’s time to milk you!
The inquisition, let’s begin
The inquisition, look out sin
We have a mission to convert the Jews (Jew ja Jew ja Jew ja Jews)
We’re gonna teach them right from wrong
We’re gonna help them see the light
And make an offer that they can’t refuse (that the Jews just can’t refuse)!
When mine were chicks they would defend each other. I would move them into a crate so I could clean their enclosure and as I would try to grab one, a few of the others would peck my hands to stop me. They are ridiculously flock oriented
In a viral video and a snack ;-)
That chicken will try and eat those kittens without a second thought
GALLUS GALLUS DOMESTICUS MOTHERUCKER
These are all extremely viable band names.
Hey Takamata...whaddaya say?
The Obelisk are actually a band and were voted 21st for ["25 worst band names" by Rolling Stone.](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/25-worst-original-names-of-famous-bands-20150722/the-obelisk-20150721)
Up next we have Jersey Giant following the performance of Australorp!

I see what you mean...
Why do they call him Takamata? Cuz you can't Takamata anything!
That's worst *original* band name for well known bands. The Obelisk went on to be The Cure.
Yes, that’s because all of the ‘band name, called it’ comments would actually make *terrible* band names. “Mechanically separated separated chicken”, band name I call it!” No. That’s an awful idea.
Look at that big ol smile!
Doggo looks like he’s laughing 😁
Ok, that is adorable but size comparison is really fucking with me. Is that a tiny dog with a giant head? I've seen pits with big noggins but my god.
I don't normally condone letting dogs riding unsecured in the bed of a truck, but when the dog is bigger than the truck... I'll allow it at walking speeds. :)
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Remember to take routine pit stops.
He’s so proud of the smol hooman pushing him around!
Dog perfectly fits in that truck, wondering how he got there facing back...
How do I go about ordering many loads of these puppers?
As the truck backs up, does it go * BOOP * BOOP * BOOP * instead of * BEEP * BEEP * BEEP * ?
I love its ears and the way they just pop up
It's great that the cute Pit is so comfy in the cargo compartment. I think Delta just found a solution to their problem.
Wow! Strong toddler!
Precious cargo
Scrappy dappy doo!
I’ve got 2 cubic feet of good boy.  Where do you want it?
Smart dog, let the kid waste all of his energy. That’s why he’s smiling.
Someone teleport me to that lawn so I can roll around and bask in that happiness.
Man these dogs are so friggin cute. 

Random true story. I was out walking my dogs last night and passed by a house that have one of these guys. IT starts barking like crazy to get out. Then all of a sudden it jumps up on the fence with enough force to send 2 of the boards falling off. Giving it enough space to crawl out and come see us. Glad the owners train it so well to be friendly. Just sucks that they need to repair the old boards on their fence now. They were even shocked that their doggo managed to kick a hole through it.
Pupper trucker
I don't care what his name is, it should immediately be changed to "Dump Truck".
ADORABLE!!! He has a side kick now
For a second i though the baby was a full grown adult woman until i realised it was a baby
😂
Looks like he is really enjoying it
That dog is like 40% head.
What kind of grass is that? It’s short and full and gorgeous and I want it
God I love these pit posts. They’re just the best. I really wish they weren’t stigmatized
push me you peasant baby
No cargo... Doggo!
I would use this cute alternative Uber duo.
Awwwww too cute !
Don't you mean the goodest cargo?
god i just want to smoosh that big goofy head
*carefully sweeps through the comments, right, no one did this one yet*  

A **CARDOGGO**, YOU MEAN ?
*BEEP*...*BEEP*...*BEEP*
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Adorable
Garbage truck howling trash
/u/sinisterking
Vroom vroom.
This is my life now and I love it!!
Doggo is the best cargo
The grin on that dogs face!  Love it!  :)
R/pitbulls ??
That's a midget pitbull.
at dawn

*we ride*
PKP Cargo should take notes ;)
I’ve never seen a chibi style dog before...
So adorable
Look at him! He's so happy to be involved!
Is it a pit puppy or just oddly small pitbull?
What an adorable face that doggo has!
It's a pitbull-dozer
"pitbulls are monsters" says the idiots.
Deltafail
Dangerous goods
r/eyebleach
So, can we stop gifs that have sound even though my phone is on silent.
[removed]
DOGGO
What did we do to deserve dogs?!
See! Pitties are not always so ferocious.
Like letting your kid play with a loaded gun
My name is Dog,
I like the truck. 
It has big bed
So I no get stuck.
I have a sit,
Where goes the dirt,
And get pushed ‘round,
By little squirt.
I bet that’s his favorite time of the day, followed by food, then pets.
Would fit perfectly around that babies head
I maintain that the only thought a dog ever has is **I'm a dog and this is amazing!**

(You may notice this means that the novelty of being a dog, never wears off.)
It’s an English Staffy, there’s a reason I’ve called all mine “Fat Head”.
It is a Staffordshire Bull Terrier not a Pitbull. Traditionally shorter with a larger head in comparison to the rest of the body.
The AKC doesn’t recognize the American Pit Bull Terrier as a breed, so they are typically referred to as American Staffordshire Terriers.  The original American version is taller and leaner, but now they have been have had more mastiff being bred in which creates the larger, bulkier bullies. There’s also the American Bully which has more bulldog bred in and that gives them the short, stocky stance with the huge heads. A true American pit bull terrier should look something like [this](http://ubkcregistry.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/UBKC-Breed-Standard-American-Pit-Bull-Terrier.png)...tall, lean and muscular. 

I’m general “pit bull” has become a blanket term that people use to refer to any dog with a the square shaped head.
/r/confusing_perspective?
Yup, the doggo totally got dumped out at the end. Source: have kid.
I came here just to say that! Nicely done!
All my hipster lesbian friends ruined the fuck out of that cutesy word.

I swear to God if they talk about being "smol human beans" anymore I'm going to crucify them.
It's all about the wheel bearings
Was just gonna say
Dad please get off reddit, you're embarrassing me!
He looks like a normal sized adult Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
I wouldn't necessarily call them idiots, that just divides people. I work in a veterinary hospital and totally agree that pits CAN be stupid but their default is a bundle of smiles, kisses, and a tail that is going to give you bruises it's wagging so hard. But saying that people with no experience with them believing a stereotype is stupid only divides us.
[removed]
[removed]
1000/10, gud haiku fur gud boi
/r/ilikthebred
I dunno, mine also has the thought of OMG THUNDERSTORM MUST MAKE SURE ALL HUMANS ARE AWAKE. Luckily, this one isn't too often - poor baby is pitiful when afraid. (Thundershirts ftw.)
What's the genetic difference without me having to look it up. I had a friend that claimed he owned and English Stafford but it just looked like a pit to me.
You mean because it's an English Staffy, or just because it's English?
True APBT aren't tall.

Though your picture is a good example of one.

I guess compared to ESBT they are tall, but they are generally shorter than ASBT.

BTW it's actually mostly mastiff in the American Bullies. There is ZERO mastiff in true Pit Bulls.

For the American Bullies, they use mastiffs to make the "XXL" variety like that poor freak dog "Hulk" that those piece of shit asshole breeders made and they use bulldog family breeds to make the "exotics" or "pocket" bullies. The entire family of the American Bully shouldn't exist and is made up of 99.9% greedy unethical asshats.
Yes, perfect. Am I wrong or does that dog have a ten gallon head?
Haha damn that’s unfortunate
It all comes down to being uneducated and inexperienced with them. People think they're all bad because the news only shows the bad ones. 9 times out of 10, these people have never seen the happy smile factories that the vast majority of pitbulls are. They get a bad name from those pos dog fighters that raise them to be monsters.
I’m not sure if you know what a haiku is 
Edit: I do love the poem though
True. Dogs have also been known to protect their families from passing helicopters. But helicopters are amazing too.
They both come from the same sources waaaay back when, but they’re different except in Murica where they get covered the same by Kennel Club or some shit. 

English Staffordshire’s are smaller, and can be wider. American Staffys are much taller, bigger than a Pibble. Visually they’re all quite different, but to non dog people they can look the same.
Your not kidding, that’s a giant noggin!  It’s like Sputnik, spherical, yet quite pointy in parts.
Ah, he will be crying himself to sleep on his huge dog bed pillow tonight.
Is it a haiku

If the first two lines are right

But the last one goes on a bit too long?
I know what a haiku is: 5-7-5 syllable poem that originated from Japan. I just the comment because I believe that is was funny and cute.
I only know retrievers and I am Murican. So are pitbulls a completely different breed or are we calling staffies pits in Murica?
A lot of pit mixes usually looks like a full pits to most people too i’ve found.
Damn I must be all mixed up. I thought Staffordshire were the English variety and they are taller and leaner then the American pitbull terrior. I thought mine was a staffy because he's not as short or built as most American pitbulls.
Oh my god, a So I Married An Axe Murderer reference. I forgot that line. Thank you.
Bigger noggin means he has more room for pets!
Its s doggo haiku, things are different in their country.
Good enough
It’s snowing on Mt Fuji
i am a haiku

l liek the truck too also

and baby is cute
Here’s a pic, but the perspective is wrong, Am Staffs are bigger generally than Pibbles. http://i.imgur.com/xAaxgWv.jpg
Yes, to both. Different breeds, but your Kennel Club classifies then as the same. Non Staffy owners may refer to them as Pitts due to the way they’re classified in Murica, but owners of either  of the three breeds wouldn’t.
In the US, English and American staffies are considered pit bull breeds.  There's around a dozen or so breeds in the US that are considered "pit bull" breeds.
Amstaffs and American pit bull terrier come from similar bloodline but are different breeds. The pit bull continued to be bred for performance while the amstaff were bred more for show. Pit bull weight range is 35 - 60 while amstaff is about 50 -80
Real American Pit Bull Terriers are generally the leanest of the breeds.

They are not supposed to be big and bulky.

For most of their history, American Pit Bull Terriers (proper pit bulls) were 25-55lbs.

Anyone with a 90lb "pit" doesn't have a pit.
Heeeeeeead!
Thanks. She looks like the last one.
My buddy has Penny which he claims is a Staffy. She has a really big head. Shes the sweetest dog in the world when she isn't trying to secure your arm in her mouth or trying to lick your face incessantly while you sleep.
Only by idiots and ignorant people.
Yours is the most factual answer, not sure why you're being downvoted.
Hmmm...

https://imgur.com/a/hfFbHH2 This is mine. His brother had genetic testing done and came back 75% AmStaff, 25% Aussie shepard. Hes about 60lbs. Pretty narrow but has some bulk to him, and hes pretty tall compared to most "pits". Or what I thought was a pit.

https://i.imgur.com/32pnbJ9.jpg is what I thought an APBT was. from /r/pitbulls.

At the end of the day, I think of Pibbles like punk music. I dont treat it with exclusivity since there is a wide spectrum of square headed, bulky love bugs. Same with punk, the spectrum is wide and beautiful.
Pants now!!!!!!!!
https://www.reddit.com/r/Staffiebullterriers/
They’re big lickers. Mine is constantly trying to mollest everyone with kisses.
People are insanely sensitive about apbt, especially those who don't actually own them but think they do.
As everyone that appreciates dogs says "humans don't deserve dogs". I love the fact that I can have a bad day and go home to unconditional love.
I love his bewildered panic when the human takes the syringe away to refill.
Them grabby hands are too cute
Hungry baby knows where his food comes from and will not let anything get in the way! So adorable
GIVE IT TO ME!!!!
It s sad to watch. So young, yet already addicted. Say no to drugs kids!
why would you show me such a cute thing

why do you hurt me like this
We bottle fed an abandoned kitten once. They also need to be induced to relieve themselves. You simulate licking their tummy, with a finger and a warm, wet cloth. When she finally let go, on the third day, like a miniature tube of chocolate toothpaste, we were so happy. We had her until she passed 10 years later. an odd smallish one-eyed cat that hid from strangers and loved to sleep on laundry.
I love him. I want him to have the best life.
This video is not long enough because I need to see more of this kitten desperately drinking milk.
The initial, still image looked like it was a poor Kitty getting a shot! I was relieved.
"i think you've had enough"

"I WILL TELL YOU WHEN I'VE HAD ENOUGH"
"More please! Thank you!"
"Gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp"
When it’s toes spread out ☺️☺️
Ive fed kittens with a syringe but I’ve never had one literally suck the plunger right up like that lol. Didn’t know that was possible.
Milkaholic
I wished my foster bottle babies were this easy to feed. So adorable. 💚
Serious question, what type of milk do you feed a kitten that young?
I never considered that a kitten would create suction when feeding. Like, how do they? With their little teeth?
I have new respect for nursing mothers.
OMG,  this kitten is so cute! I wanted hug he!




PS: I'm Brazilian, and my english is not much good.
I want him
He was orphaned after he literally suckled his mother to death
That little kitty ***sucks***!
I thought milk was bad for cats... was I wrong?
This is amazingly cute, but my nipples hurt just looking at that.

And I'm a guy.
After 3 minutes: Daum thats a hungry cat.   
After 4 minutes: Ohh wait this is a 15 second clip playing on repeat.
Heart: melted.
GIMME, GIMME, GIMME, GIMME.!
What is this website/app? There's a lot of gifs w this logo on the bottom right
r/catgrabs
Hey! I'm sure a lot of you are pet enthusiasts like myself and need no instruction, but always remember never to give your kittens cow's milk. It causes them diarrhea and will end up doing more harm than good.

I hope the video is doing it right, cheers :)
People should know that this is probably isn't cow's milk. That's not good to feed a kitten. Check with your local pet food store for more information.
Down it, down it, down it!
That suction power tho'.
Her little hands!
Hungry baby!
This is so cute!! Please tell me that that's formula and not milk though.
I hope this is not regular cow milk. Cats can die if they drink cow milk at this age.
Cute and all but the positioning is not ideal
JUICED UP
Nom nom 😍
Succ too hard
Wait wouldn't a bottle be more effective,or does that not work that way.
So friggin cute!
Something tells me this kitty would be really easy to trick into taking medicine
Me want this kitty.
Little thing is sucking so hard his eyeballs are collapsing in on themselves.
CHUG CHUG CHUG!
ELI5 Are nipples bulletproof?
I raised my 14 year old Siamese boy on formula in a syringe and he would lose his mind at feeding time!  He would get so frantic I would have to scruff him to get the nipple in his mouth!
This is the cutest thing to me for some reason
"nom nom nom nom nom 

GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME YOU FILTHY STINKIN' APE! 

nom nom nom nom nom"
That is one milk inhaling machine!😸
The S U C C
Awwww....
Kittens love heroin
/u/masastip
At that point the kitten certainly doesn’t need the syringe anymore - introduce kitten to bowl!
The kitten is big enough  to drink straight from the bowl.
Nom nom nom nom nom wha- WHY DI YOU TAKE THE LIFE JUICE AWAY FROM ME oh nom nom nom nom nom
They now come with kung fu sucking grip
Title is accurate and to the point. Doesn’t beat around the bush.
damn, I bet that thing could suck a golf ball through a garden hose
Man, that kitten really sucks.
Glad to see this kitty is seeking help at the mewthadone clinic.
Well that's adorable. Thank you for that
Did you ever consider the physics of that moving syringe?  With as hard as that baby kitten is sucking, if he were on his mom, he would be sucking on tissue. Ouch!
That kitten has a powerful succ
Who was holding the camera 🤔
Take that Ani vaxxers, animals enjoy vaccines
I don't even know if I could suck that syringe dry through that little hole. For an animal that size this is impressive.
what kind of milk that you supposed to give to kittens? i want to adopt one but i still hesitate about what i should feed him with..
This kitten sucks.
Gives new meaning to "needle."
This is perfectly looped
He drincc milcc
I'm not sure what of it, but this is kind of weird to look at.
So is the cat not being able to drink cow's milk true? Or is this some type of formula?
His suction power is really impressive.
Nawm nawm nawm!

Lovin it!
So sad thinking of what it probably means about his mom. Also makes it twice as emotional that a human is helping him, though.
The little paws argggh
STOP. MY HEART CAN ONLY TAKE SO MUCH CUTENESS UUUGGGGHHHH
Addicted to syringes, so adorable
Aww. That's adorable.
Cat.
Beefcake!
He need some milk.
At what age can it just lap the milk up from the bowl?
Khajit needs it's moon sugar!
Nom Nom
A cuteness  shot every day keeps the grumpy cat away.
That's exactly how my uncle was with whisky.
Did anyone else hear a pop when the empty syringe was taken out from kitten's mouth?
Suck suck suck
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
What a title. Rich and compelling.
The big SUCC
He's got the juice!
Mmm yes this is goodFREE ME YOU CANNOT RESTRAIN MY POWooo more yes please
I can practically hear a "pop" sound when the syringe is removed for refilling... Lol!
so cute kitten.
A cute little murder machine.
aweeee
居然是抖音上的
Hooked om propofol
"Never loses suction"
Not too cute, omg BABY CAT!!
The scratches on that hand though!
That kitten is old enough to feed itself alone, no need for syringe anymore.
I want this cat. So cute!
Ohh god get away from it’s little needle claws
What a little boo boo
This one's a sucker.
Only ever done this a handful of times but everytime it was so adorable
Hungry Kitten doesn't waste any time, does he?
This saved my day
Those feet's
Ive never had a Pet but the way they are holding the kitten looks very uncomfortable
Calling /r/theydidthemath - what is this cat's average sucking force?
Seems like the kitten is getting bigger when it fils up
r/titlegore
He chugs hard.
Oh so cute this cat,
I LOVE IT BOYS !
That’s just about the cutest thing I’ve ever seen, so hungry!
Epico!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀
*LAAAAAAAAST CAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL*
Chinese？
HEY! GIVE THAT BACK!
抖音可以
I didn’t know they drank it that quick, when o had my little one Kiwi, I was feeding him with one of these but slowly pushing it out the syringe. I don’t think he quite had the feeding thing down.
so tinny
Looks like me on any day after work with a drink.... I need to stop doing that.
Cats don't have closed cheeks, how do they suck like this?
Holy shit this is so cute
Now I want a kitten. Thanks for that haha.
Too cute. 💕
A fatty kitten. Aweeee
This is the most precious thing I've seen since that tickle kitten video.
one mighty  S U C C
Oh too cute 😍
Aww but i want some more ples o yessss yum yum yum
I remember bottle feeding her just like this with my family's cat after we found her on our farm after she was abandoned by her mother. She is now 4 years and still loves he be held on her back like she is receiving a bottle.
She is so cute it's hard to believe she is real. I died of cuteness overload :)
I remember feeding a couple of orphan bunnies like this, it’s so cute
Hungry little needle floof
I am a simple man.

I see a baby kitten, I upvote.
Powerful succ
Despacitooo :D
Hungry boi
hungry cat! crazy too 😃😱
Aaaaaaaaaaw so damn cute
This remides me of my baby when she was born.  We had to supplement for a while.   She'd suck the syringe the same way.
We found a liter in our boat when I was a kid and had to feed all 5 like this, my dog at the time tried to be their momma, they even tried suckling from her. Wish I had photos
Mr Fluffykins sure has a healthy appetite
A tiny heart Thief
That cat is drinking from a syringe *on his own*. I didn't even know this was possible. I thought the whole point of feeding them like this was to force them to drink or because they cannot drink from a nursing bottle yet.
Thorsty
Snort, rub or smoke but never use a syringe kitties. Slippery slope.
cmon man...yeah, keep it comin’...
so kute.
Best thing I've seen all day, and 18 hours from now
Poor mumma cat
so cute
I raised a kitten by hand after his mother died in childbirth (kittenbirth?)

Anyway, he was a shit of a tom, used to atttack anything that moved and would scratch the fuck out of my face or chest when I was sleeping, just for kicks.  Get out a baby's bottle though, and he turned into a soft shite, lying on his back on my lap and holding the bottle up with all four feet to drink from it.

RIP, Tim.
And this is how she developed a heroine addiction.
*T H E  S U C C*
aw so cute
We also fed a stray kitten once. It just happened when our actual cat had babies and could lactate. We assumed she wouldn't accept it because it wasn't her's, so we syringe fed the kitten some milk. I was still a kid, but god it was adorable. We left it to play with the other kittens so it would grow up as a normal cat, but then our cat shared her milk. They are now both healthy cats.
Looks like she can suck a golf ball through a garden hose!
I fell in love with it!
NURTRIENTS!!!
Who is holding the camera?
I thought that cats, like dogs, were not able to suck. How can they?
This is seriously awww-worthy
good succ
“Gimmeee!!”
good
This is everything
I like how the 💉 shrinks haha
My heart is melting ❤️
“Gimme dat booze, ya hoomie!”
awww so cute!!
It's crazy how hunger affects us all. If anyone even attempted to take my food away I'd immediately go cannibal and take their hand off.
Kitten came with the default software installed, nice. Hardware had to be improvised tho
My god I needed this gif right now. Thank you so much.
S U C C
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen.
He drunk
Stop injecting him with vaccines! You’ll give him autism!
OMG~~ so cuteeeeee
Damn vaccines! /s
Something about sucking a golf ball through a garden hose..
TIL cats know all about straws.
It is enormously cute)))))))))
This me on friday with beer
its nice to see chinese lol
This is so cute 😍😍
That's one independent, self sufficient kitten 🐹
Moar
so cute and adorable kitten
Say no to drugs kitten!
Very Nice Good Work
I want to marry that kitten.
I want a kitten now. I got my 2 cats when they were 9ish.. I want to feed them like so.
That kitten has an addiction people
oml it's TIK TOK 😑
Such a strong succ
S U C C
Such a strong succ
Kitty needs his fix.
Be careful you could give a kitten pneumonia this way
I know it's just milk or w/e but that's how I imagine a drug addict would act as you take their syringe away then give it back a few seconds later
抖音hhhhhha
C O N S U M E
I didn't notice this was on a loop at first, and was impressed at the hunger of the kitten and therefore the capacity of the implied mother.
Kids, this is your brain, now THIS is your brain on milk!!
Give it BACK!
Anyone know the type of cat?
A baby meow is my favorite type of meow.
More people should title their posts like this.
GIVE IT TO ME
R/LilGrabbies ?
This is so cute! I can't even!
Wow a lovely kitten.
S U C C
chug chug chug chug chug
What is that tag (bottom right) I see in these asian gifs? Is it a site?
Cutest video ever made
If that would be that easy with medicaments
the kitten is drinking from the syringe like it’s a straw. i didn’t know animals could suck
Hungry little fucker, isn't he?
the cutest noms I’ve seen all day
That’s adorable. Kittens are the best.

Funnily enough, my eldest wouldn’t latch on to breast feed and he was syringe fed for a few days (they suggested avoiding a bottle because of “nipple confusion”) and he didn’t like it when his milk was taken away either.
How is it doing that? I thought cats couldn't create a seal with their mouths and so can't suck which is why they have to lap for hours.
Cute
We have 3 foster kittens who currently need antibiotics via syringe. Why can't they be this adorable??? Would post video, but it's less "awww" and more "AHHH" as they bleed me dry with tiny claws/teeth.
Don't feed this vicious beast. It will kill us all!
Little fuckers got some suction.
Now my nipples hurt.
Would have been a cat-astrophe if you purr-chased an even bigger syringe. I'll be felyne sad if that happens.
Having had to bottle feed two kittens that were abandoned by their mother in my yard: it is amazing how long it takes them to figure out that the syringe means food. They wanted to suckle on everything else, but a rubber nipple on the end of a syringe was like an alien spaceship to them
What breed is it?
Baby kitter does a succ
I wish my girlfriend could do that.
Ooooh I love this! I took care of an orphan kitty who not only did this, but would throw himself at me and climb my leg if I took "too long" to feed him :')
Gimme back dat space nipple hooman!
Just in case anyone finds a kitten and sees this, try not to use syringes to feed them, and don't use cows milk, you can buy kitten formula. If you use a syringe and they don't want to drink then sometimes the milk can go into their lungs and they die of pneumonia.
That is fuckin' cute.
Feeding milk to cats... welcome to an afternoon of cleaning up feline diarrhea.
/r/reversegifs please?
Bebbys hongry
nice beautiful cat
i had a gf that was like this....i miss her.
Bring milk back!!! Do not take away
She do.
That's so cute. Kind of reminds me of how human babies react when you pull the spoon away to refill it. They do the flappy arm thing like, give me my food back!
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
heroin is adorable
cute.
Aww so cute
What's the subreddit for gifsthatshouldntend?
I’ve had to give my cat some meds for the past few days using a syringe. She hates it. Straight up spit out half the liquid this morning. I wish it was this easy :/ 

Then again, the meds probably don’t taste as good as the milk (or whatever) this kitten is drinking.
Kittens are pretty...Wooow
Nice
He seriously looks like Tom from Tom & Jerry
Gimme dat
More animals eating: /r/fluffynomnom
Omg my heart just exploded
Lamhm
Why wouldn't you just let it drink from the bowl?
THIRSTY kitten!
Looks like cows milk. This is cute as fuck but don't feed a kitten cows milk. They need cat milk or KMR.
Wonder how many cats they had to milk to get all that kitty milk?
He’s going to be a Godzilla kitty.
A r/DelightfullyChubby in the making
you made my birthday the best ever. THANK YOU!
*H U N G R Y B O I*
Oh man I used to hand rear rescue kittens. I loved feeding them! haha
Cute lil' sucker...
I thought that cats couldn’t suck
I had to syringe feed medicine to my baby bunny. The plunger would kinda get caught halfway sometimes so on occasion, I’d shoot it onto her face. Poor, bunny. She was pretty good in the beginning to take her medicine, but halfway through the regimen she decided she didn’t like it anymore and fought hard to refuse it.
Goddamn junkies.
He’s a beast
Needs a bigger syringe 😂💕
**S  U  C  C**
Aaaaand the meowing at 5am begins...
What a sweet little baby. <3 

*OMNOMNOMNOMNOM*
That’s a strong little sucker!
GIMME
I've never saw a kitten before and said "Well he sure does suck."
I thought cats were lactose intolerant
he got the S U C C
That kitty has some good lipsss
No matter how hard I try, I am never fast enough to eat the black thing in the bottom.
Also it’s good to know that with very young kittens, it’s important to know that this is the only correct way to feed them artificially. They can’t have any solid food until they are clearly old enough to digest it
He a like a vacuum. Name him Hoover.
All that kitten knows, is that syringe means food...
God, I wish this was my experience when I fostered bottle feeding kittens. They would cry and cry and as soon as I tried to give them milk they would spit it out or refuse it. I had to essentially force feed them so they wouldn't die. All the while telling them "you have to eat you little dummies!" (As though that helped). Once they got weened on a soft food diet they thrived, but the milk stage was a nightmare.
I heard cats were lactose intolerant? Is that true?
You are supposed to use a nipple for it
What is this app with the japanese (?) signs in the bottom left corner?  
Seems like a lot of posts have that recently.
The ferocity of a kittens hunger is unparalleled.
Aww. Little tike is hungry :)
I found myself yelling "RELOAD"
What a sucker.
My bich ass rabbit, on the other hand, is a monster when trying to force feed (she was sick and was prescribed medicine that I needed to syringe 4x a day)
Cul sec !
S U C C
5cc every 2 seconds. 
It’s so cute, but the kitty will get sick if he drinks too much at once.
Aren't you not supposed to give cats milk?
Serious question. Is this really how you would have to go about feeding a kitten? A stray cat in my neighborhood had kittens, and I would often see them laying in a chair under my shed in the backyard. So I placed a bowl of milk out for them, but every time I checked they had never touched it.
That kitten sucks.
I cry "foul" this clip must be removed, it is too cute.
Bro, two syringes. Feed then refill while you feed with the other.

Mister kitten waits for no man.
Kitten looks old enough to be eating solid food.
But why ? She can't drink milk directly from bowl?
I hope that’s kitten formula and not cows milk
CliNicAllY InSaNe MaN InJeCtS KiTtEn WiTh AuTiSm
u/emmastewxrt
u/kissdogs u
That's one cute little sucker.
Whats the Chinese logo in the bottom right corner, I see it in a lot of videos. Is it a Chinese social media website
r/bettereveryloop
The amount of suckage on this cat is illegal in a school zone, so just watch where you’re going
By the way, milk is bad for cats.
/u/abnf665 😍
she’s got sucking powers 😂❤️
RuTHLeSs MaN ForCeS yOuNg ChIlD iNtO OpIoId AdDiCtIoN
Is nobody going to point out they are feeding a kitten skim milk?! Kitten formula is way thicker than that.
[deleted]
Better technique than my ex.
Sure hope that is formula... it looks too thin and light though. And although this is cute, it's really dangerous. The way this person is feeding the cat, she can easily aspirate. Please don't use this as an example as to how you should feed animal babies!
Great, I’ll just let these things inhale some drugs and feed them to patients at the hospital... “here, eat this cat, it’s good for you.”
...Just let it lick out of the bowl...
Chinese ppl feed it to eat it... u feel me?
I’m gonna get a kitten just so I can do this. I love kittens. Hate cats though...
Kitten euthanized by cyanide. Watch it breathe its last breath.
[deleted]
Look at the suction on that thing. Almost...gives a man...ideas...
Don't hold a kitty like that.
The FUCK YOU DO THAT FOR I W.....oh. cool more
https://i.imgur.com/qkF4B2I.jpg
Mah foods! No mah foods! Oh, more foods. Nom nom.
So much like my daughter. 😂
I have that same reaction when I get pulled off a nipple
Yeah why didn't the person have like 20 filled syringes ready to go so the poor kitten wouldn't have to wait in-between?
I thinks that's due more to the awkward way he's being held.
NO NO NO I NEED MORE! WHERE IS MORE?! OH, MORE!
Pro-tip, have another syringe ready for a quick swap. Reload when the animal is feeding.
I had to bottle feed 3 kittens once and every time I had to take the bottle away to refill it I got the exact same look. Except my kittens eyes got real big both when latching and taking away. Every moment with those kittens was cute overload. I still have one. (The runt)
Its not the human, is the slave living entity that take care of the kitten.

You were never owned by a cat right?
"No! Give it back! I said give it-- ooh milk"
For anyone reading this, PLEASE DO NOT FEED A KITTEN THE WAY THEY DO! You are supposed to slow/control the amount of formula so they don't get sick / have digestive issues. It's all very cute but pease don't  allow anyone to feed a kitty without controlling the flow.
The real cat’s pomp
r/lilgrabbies
But...who is holding the camera !?!
They grab all they can.
The grabbing hands grab all they can...
Can confirm. My GF and I rescued 2 kitten that were about a week old. They barely had vision and couldn't walk yet. But they could scream for milk and didn't stop untill they had enough
Might lose a finger.  Gotta be careful.
Ever had kittens? those things have really sharp claws and no claw control yet. I guess I'm trying to say I'm glad I'm not a momma cat
If only we could still be fed like this!
Why not just go for the bowl then? Lol
Are you speaking as the kitten about the milk or as you about the kitten?
I'm worth it
Mmm, drugas!
I REQUIRE SUSTENANCE
Oh I will honey. Just gimme your SSN, contact number, your mother's maiden name, last time you got laid, and its settled.

Kitten will arive at your doorstep with hind legs amputated.
Give it meh nao!
Milk. Not even once.
If a stranger offers you drugs, remember to say thank you because drugs are expensive
Say *perhaps* to drugs
Do not, my friends, become addicted to milk. It will take hold of you, and you will *resent* its absence.
Hugs not drugs
Say miau to drugs
Getting hooked on the white stuff
Don't be rude kids. If someone offers you something you don't want say no thanks.
Read it as "Say NO to kids, drugs!"
You shall know Pain
You’re not the only one cursed with knowledge
You can unsub if you want
Good job giving that kitty a safe and loving home :)
> a miniature tube of chocolate toothpaste

Imagined it. Almost gagged. Would not recommend it.
Blessed are the cat savers
By the looks of his caregivers he's in the best possible situation. <3
I hope it's not cow's milk. That can make them sick. I'm hoping they have the correct stuff in the image. Check with local pet stores for more information.
Watch on a loop
DefeNceLesS KiTtEn geTs SHOT riGHt in tHE FacE!! /r/peoplefuckingdying
Shots are necessary, though.
What made you think the kitty was poor?
https://i.gifer.com/1w0I.gif
IT'S NOT OVER TILL I SAY IT'S OVER!
- Charlie Kitty
I’ve had one kitten out of 30 I’ve fostered do this. I ended up keeping the fat little shit.
Right? The syringe didn't even have a nipple.
Kitten formula from the pet store!
Kitten formula or goat milk. Some people do only goat's milk since it helps put on weight more and some give goat's milk instead of formula once the kitten gets close to weaning since it's easier to mix with wet food. It has probiotics that are good for the kittens' gut as well as being nutritious. It's also a good option if the kitten isn't digesting the kmr well (kmr can cause diarrhea). 

Obviously talk to your vet if you have a kitten that needs to be handfed about what they recommend.
It looks to be about 4 weeks. So not *that* young. You can buy commercial kitten formula at a pet store.
You would feed them the milk you could find with the closest profile. You can add egg yolk to add fat and protien if needed. I did this in a desperate pinch for some fosters. 

http://ansci.illinois.edu/static/ansc438/Milkcompsynth/milkcomp_table.html

Here's a table of mammal milks and how they compare.

Edit: buffalo, dog, mink, opossum, pig, rabbit and rat milk would be suitable. Sheep milk too if you add some fat and protien.

Edit 2: I see lots of goat milk comments and it should be pointed out goat milk is seriously lacking in fat and protien.
We used regular cow milk when I had a kitten. I think she turned out alright, although she is the smallest out of her litter but also the only one still living. She was also the runt, her brothers and sisters would crowd her out while feeding then when she finally got a spot her mom would walk away :(
Ever used a straw?
Nursing works that way. The tongue and the mouth create suction.
All mammals do. That’s how the babies get milk from nipples. Cheeks, lips, and tongues are the key components for creating the suction.
You ever eat a titty
Teeth never stopped a human from getting suction.

Source: my nipples when my son got teeth as an infant but still needed to breastfeed.
They create suction with their ear pumps.
They'll actually suckle onto your fingertips when they're young, as well. It was one of the most adorable things I've experienced during fostering because you can feel the tiniest, softest little tongue and the teeth don't hurt yet.
They wrap their tongues around the nipple, almost like a little straw. Needless to say, it's very cure.
Something no one else is saying is that they are "biting" it essentially. It'll kind of mess up their tooth development since it's a hard plastic syringe and not a soft tip bottle.
They curl their tongue in a u-shape around the opening to get a seal, then suck.
Right? That is an intense amount of bodily fluid just leaving all at once compared to the size of momma cat.
Your English is better than my Portuguese.
First parts perfect!  Second sentence should be I want to hug him. But you got your point across, that's what counts
It's very likely not just straight cow milk, but specific milk for kittens; kitten formula, basically. Even then, lactose intolerance is something that mammals get when they're older (although humans had this weird successful mutation that switched off the intolerance in the majority of us \^\^)
It’s the lactose. So you can feed them lactose free milk
Cow milk yes, but goat milk is actually good for them. It's much better to get kitten formula, but if you're in a situation where you can't get kitten formula right away goat milk can be used a a substitute until you can get ahold of kitten formula.
you can also feed them goat’s milk :) they love it, and it’s especially good for underweight kittens.
something something Greg Focker...
Its a chinese short video app call DouYin. Its built to make 15 second short clips.
Chinese Vine
this person is aware
Right? Why is that hooman hovering the poor kitten
Came here and immediately thought this. Syringe should be pointed more at a 45 degree angle upward, not downward. I used to have some fosters that were so aggressive to eat I'd have to wrap them up life burritos to not get clawed, so that I could get feeding positioning right.
Nope but they can take a lot of abuse. Still there is a reason most women complain about breastfeeding hurting, especially at first.
juuuuj
Asians wanting pet clicks like to do unnecessary things because it’s cute and/or adorable which is what half of WeChat (or whatever service that is) is nowadays.
Not this again
Who was phone?
You shouldn't adopt a kitten that's so young it still relies on milk. 8-10 weeks of age is the youngest you should be looking at. By that time the kitty will be on solids and ready to begin the process of shots and eventual nuetering. My two came home at ten weeks old (the vet thinks judging by their teeth at the time.) They were neutered at six months.
You should **not** be adopting a kitten that still needs to be fed milk. A good shelter will never give away unweaned kitten especially one that isn't handfed (early weaning and separation can create all sorts of issues). A kitten you get should get fully weaned and on dry/wet food. A good shelter will also be able to help you know what and how much to feed them.

If you want to give milk as a snack though you can give cats goat milk. It's low in lactose and has good probiotics for their stomach.
They have kitten formula at most pet stores. But, if you wait to get the kitty until it's weaned, then regular cat food will do.
This is a kind of formula specifically for cats. Many cats are lactose intolerant and shouldn't be given dairy products from cows.

With my two kitties, they go exclusively for meat and fish. All the stories people have of oddball cats munching on an apple or whatever just doesn't happen in my house. BUT, one of them likes ice-cream. If I get a tub out of the freezer he's right there at my side. I'll let him have a little since it's caused no issues so far. His brother doesn't give a damn. His brother literally turns his nose up and walks away.
Here's a chart of different milks. http://ansci.illinois.edu/static/ansc438/Milkcompsynth/milkcomp_table.html pick one with the closest composition of fat and protien.
Cat.
Ceefake
Ever seen a kitten feeding from its mother?
Smol
the breed is called ball of floof
Yeah, give it a steak instead! This could be formula, it doesn't necessarily have to be cow milk just because it's a white liquid
Yes they are lactose intolerant. Hopefully that is the kitten formula and not human milk.


Edit:  phrasing
I think it's Chinese.
Cows milk due to the high amount of lactose which is what cats have difficulty with.
It's formula.
Kittens don’t start eating/drinking from a bowl until around 5 weeks old.
Cats cant digest cow milk so... better come up with something else too.
Wrong sub, man

It's not r/peoplefuckingdying
U dropped your /s
LOL yh that my parents 2 me finally some good FOOD
😭😭😭😭😭
nah, pretty sure it's formula dude
Yeah, this isn’t cows milk (I’m assuming). Kittens can eat different prescribed formulas sold in most veterinary or pet supply places. Already mixed, or a powder you mix with water. Think human baby formula. Looks like milk, but isn’t:) But you’re right, regular cow’s milk is not good for cats.
wat why
I'm calling the police.
Don’t tell people what to do.
And this will just repeat until the kitten has a fat belly and passes out into a food coma
TOP 10 ANIME BETRAYAL.
Aaahh haha! That look of betrayal in the eyes, combined with the silly lil tongue still poking out from the sucky suck.. too funny! Baa hahaaa
r/blunderyears
"No!"
NANI!?!??!!!?
My thoughts exactly 😂
Why would you feed your daughter with a syringe?
They did. It wanted 21.
I don’t know a person who has more than 1 or 2 syringes
So he can breathe? Also less cleaning up. The poor kitten might survive this abusive situation.
Because that's wasteful as hell. Syringes aren't free, and now you've got a lot of plastic trash.
There was hesitation before the click on a possibly very sketchy subreddit linked by a mysterious internet stranger named u/back6door9man but it paid off in the cutest way ever. SUBSCRIBED.
Thank you!
Murdermittens
Its up under the chin.
I have raised about 4 litters, only one having their mother present. I’d have to wake up like every 3 hours to feed them because they’re crying, worth it though
Shit I thought you were can confirming losing your finger to a kitten.
My dad found three kittens at his work that were barely 2 weeks old, meanwhile we already had like 6 cats so we had to give at least two away, we gave away one but decided we couldn't give away another because then the last cat wouldn't have anyone to play with, and their estimated birthday was sometime last week.
Well Michael always says don't stop too you get enough so they were just following his advice
Just like human babies
Like MJ says... https://youtu.be/B2B1of3OXSs
At first I thought you were going to make a gf joke lol
I remember raising mine on that milk stuff, boy, his baby claws were super sharp for a kitten. Painful to hold and take the milk at times.
I was actually astonished at this kitty until I realized that it was milk. I’ve never had to give my kittens milk, but I did have to give one litter dewormer. 6 kitties, every night for a week. They did not like that dewormer. I barely escaped with my life trying to get that thing in their mouths.
And then they look preggo because they drank half their body weight in milk. Can confirm also raised a kitten before its eyes opened
Kittens:
*scream for milk*
*nom nom nom*
*sleep*
I have two little boys and this is true of even humans...
Survival instinct, man. Shit wastes no time
how do you find one week old kittens?
[deleted]
I miss everything about kittens except when they run across you with their claws out, or try to climb your legs.
I’m sure it’s someone’s fetish.
Yes
Both
Despacito
It took me over 20 years to stop drinking milk but now I finally have a milk-free life
He's sharpening up and getting ready for a bit of the old ultraviolence
Too late for me now, I can't live without strawberry milk. The elixir of life.
Im currently drinking about 2 litres of semi skimmed milk a day....i think i have a problem. But as i say to the missus "i fucking love milk!" But only semi skimmed all other milk is trash
Miak?
Got milk?
And that's why I smoke flour
"what makes a man turn neutral?"
Say only once to Heroin!
Totally
Say perhittens to kittens
Does mother's milk count?
Vision dreams of passion.
You will see the true face of PAAAANIC
Never. I like the pain.
It's not that bad.  Raised many stray litters over the years.  It's only when you start introducing grains in their diet in the form of cat food do they really start to stink up their box.

Or. Could be I'm used to the smell of fresh fish and curing venison that their diet doesn't bring new smells to the party...
I saw it when kitty sitting my sister's new kitten. I was thinking more like a tube of Tootsie rolls.
/r/AWWWTF
Just remember that kittens around the 3-4 week mark should not be drinking bovine milk as they cannot digest the lactose present in that kind of milk. 

So if you find an abandoned young kitten, make sure you don’t feed them bovine milk. Instead goat or lamb’s milk will suffice. Get a rubber nipple and a small soda bottle to make an easy and cheap feeder. The kittens will love you forever!

Source: I work on a local rescue farm where people bring in stray kittens and animals all the time!
I can now sleep easy 🙂
Kitten milk replacement is usually a bit more tan/beige.  It could be lactose free cows milk which is safe (not nutritionally ideal) or goats milk (better than cows milk).
Yeah but I don’t want to watch an adorable baby get a shot. It makes me squeamish just to see an actual person get an injection.
As is childbirth, still not something I want to watch.
...but they cause Catism
He's not wearing any shoes
I hate the little bottle nipples, I always have to cut them slightly to get a better flow of formula. And I can never perfect the hole, it's either too open and I have a kitten with a face covered in formula. Or an angry kitten that can't get formula fast enough lol. Thankfully the last few fosters have been at weaning age and do really well on gruel. I've never had a foster as skilled as this one. 

[Edited to add one of my favorite pictures of a foster kitten.](https://imgur.com/a/GbTIhUz)
http://ansci.illinois.edu/static/ansc438/Milkcompsynth/milkcomp_table.html

How does goat mik help put on weight with such low fat and protien?? Goats milk is not the best option. Or even a really good one.. find a dog to feed it, way better.
Or just give them KMR, which is formulated to give them what they need.

That’s probably a better option than trying to use another mammal’s milk that was designed for different nutritional needs.
Have you SEEN a cat's mouth?
It's actually a little different than that. Humans use a straw by creating a seal with their lips. The kitty obviously isn't doing that, my guess is that it uses it's tongue to create a seal and allow the suction to occur.
And if there is 6 in the litter . . .
[Minority of us.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lactose_intolerance) Most studies indicate that more than 50% of the world is lactose intolerant. Regional mutation though so it's possible to not know many people with it.
It's good to be a Scandinavian, most lactose tolerant people in the world!
Correct about it likely not being cow milk, but you're not really correct when it comes to the part about lactose intolerance, because all mammals' milk has different compositions and all mammalian offspring are only really adapted to consuming their own species' milk.

Cow milk contains much higher levels of lactose than a cat's milk, so kittens will also have a very difficult time digesting it. [This table ](http://ansci.illinois.edu/static/ansc438/Milkcompsynth/milkcomp_table.html)shows composition of milk for different species. You can see that cow milk contains at least 4.7&#37; lactose, where cat milk is only 3.4&#37;. Dog milk is 3.7&#37;, so a kitten could probably safely nurse from a dog (but the nutrient composition would be wrong, so could cause health problems long term). Additionally, cow milk containing less solids might cause a bit of a problem in allowing kittens to form solid faeces. The fat content and protein levels are also significantly lower, so feeding a kitten purely on cow's milk would require far more milk than if you were feeding them cat milk, which would also mean they'd have to digest more lactose and liquids, which would likely result in diarrhoea.

Edit: Also, if you compare human and cow milk, it should be clear why most people are able to drink it. Human milk is quite similar in composition, basically.
Thank you, I thought this guy was hurting the adorable little kitty.
No! Where do people keep hearing this?? 

http://ansci.illinois.edu/static/ansc438/Milkcompsynth/milkcomp_table.html

Goat milk is not even close to having what cat milk does! It's literally half! There are way better options that would be more available. Like a dog..
So it’s pretty much vine?
They can't beat the Japanese cuteness on the big and tv screens, but are well on their way to nailing them on mobile.
Yep
i mean it's wild kitten, it's parent not really around, even it's following people around. i feel pity to that kitten, but i'm still hesitate.. i'm afraid i can't take care of it properly.

anyway thanks for the advice..
Cucumbern’t
I dunno about cats, but dogs bite their mother's  tities squeezing it so the milk comes out. I assumed it was the same for cats.
Thank you
Wow. My heart was in the right place, but my brain was not. Now instead of feeding them, I feel like I was teasing them. Good to know though. Thanks.
So? People make jokes outside subs all the time.
its redundant at that point, people just didn't like my joke
?
This lizzie nurses
kittens hate her!
 Numer 15,
As opposed to?
Op is a cat.
I think it was a joke. He wasn't literally suggesting the person have "20 filled syringes ready to go" for one kitten.
Agree. Risky click pays off!
That story about the lady fixing that squirrels teeth was a great way to start the day!
Me too.
I'd love to have kittens
I work at an animal ER, we had a bottle baby pupper that had to be on oxygen..but he wouldn't settle unless he was suckling my pinky finger..however I couldn't be keeping the oxygen kennel open that long. So I went to Walgreens at 3AM and bought a pacifier.... [Happy Baby Pupper](https://vgy.me/iMIfFD.jpg)
Oh God yes.  I did it for one litter (4 kits) because moms teats got infected.  Every 2 or 3 hours I had to prepare condensed milk at the right temperature.  I gave house keys to 2 of my friends who would do separate feedings while I was at work, and they loved feeding them too.  It was adorable the way they fell asleep like rocks when they were full and could be placed back into the box.
sounds like having a human child :P
Don’t have kids.
You raised 4 litters of milk?
What a great father
I'd kode to have littens too!!
You... What??
Have you ever really been as far as to do look more like?
Wouldn't the last kitten have 6 other cats to play with?
Hahahaha yeah exactly. It was my first experience with kittens and I was afraid I gave them too much and that they couldn't decide for themselves when they had enough. Luckily I didn't start to feed them less
On the side of the road in the burning sun. I suspect dumped there by the owner of their mother.
Yeah they were basically dehydrated and half dead when we found them on the side of the road, out in the burning sun
I wanted to prove you wrong...

https://www.psychforums.com/paraphilias/topic138757.html  (SFW,  very tame conversation)
r/inclusiveor
Yes what?! People like you make conversations require way to much effort for information
Your mom thanks you.
I really wonder why /r/MilkFree isn't a thing yet.
Moloko with knives!
Thank you for that! Made me laugh thinking about that kitten with a little hat and fake eyelashes!
Gin-san, is that you?
>But only semi skimmed all other milk is trash

What? Semi skimmed milk is water lying about being milk. Go whole or go home.
Lust for gold? Power? Or were you just born with a heart for neutrality?
Does your mum count?
I also like your pain
Don't worry, you did a great job. It just me, I can't stand at that thought. Just curious, are you still raising stray kittens? 


Edit: I thought you are OP. Heh.
Go ahead. I'll wake you up at 3am (edit: for more food).
My color perception isn't the best, so I can't always tell.
Honestly they barely even notice when they're getting a shot. Most of the time you just put some food in front of their face and they dont even flinch. Kittens are great.
Shots are why cats are derpy?  Keep giving shots
Have you tried the miracle nipple? Game changer. They fit on syringes or bottles.
Sometimes KMR is a luxury that time can't afford. Sometimes you don't live somewhere that sells it near by or at all.
I have seen a cat's MOUTH.
> Humans use a straw by creating a seal with their lips.

It looks like that's exactly what it's doing to me.
How is it obviously not doing that? Cats have lips too.

The tongue can’t be used for the seal, that’s what creates the suction. Drawing the tongue back creates an empty space that’s filled by the liquid.
Um I can drink something with a straw with my lips apart?
This sub always turns into /r/NatureIsMetal for me when it has anything to do with mammal motherhood. That stuff is crazy to me as a dude.
And here are we - Latvians, who'll celebrate a damn weekend of  cheese, cottage cheese and other milk goodness. Thank god we can tolerate lactose.
True, when I wrote that I just wrote it from a westerner's perspective to another westener (obviously not knowing whether I was actually talking to a westener).
Also many people who are lactose intolerant probably wouldn’t see too much of an issue unless they drink a lot of milk, so that number may even be higher.
We're 'adapted' to consume our own species milk as youngens, because it's a very efficient way to get the right mix of nutrients to help you grow. [Even after looking it up again](https://www.annualreviews.org/doi/10.1146/annurev.genet.37.110801.143820), I don't see where my point about most mammals (mutations and outliers aside) developing lactose intolerance is wrong.

To be fair, I didn't clear up, WHY I brought up lactose intolerance - basically because the other user said 'cat' instead of 'kitten', and in my mind I just wanted to clear up that this is basically a kitten receiving kitten formula, and covering my butt incase they meant that milk in general was bad for cats, when in fact it's just that they cannot break down lactose when they grow older, like most mammals.

Edit: I hope that clears up what I meant :D
It's likely kitten formula, which you can buy at most pet stores.
Pretty much an improved vine. The process is a lot more streamlined and it has an emphasis on combinations with music.
Then you meant rescue not adopt. Adopting means you're getting a cat from a shelter or from someone that's not a breeder. 

For a wild kitten it completely depends on how old it is. If it's old enough to have survived more than a few days then it's likely already 3-4mos and weaned. Kittens that aren't weaned won't survive long without mom as they need to feed multiple times a day. A vet can tell you it's age more closely and help you go over what you need. It should be at an age it's at least pooping on its own so you'd just have to feed it either formula or wet food. Your vet would be able to tell you specifically what it needs. 

If you can't take it in try to find a shelter. Also post to make sure it's not someone's lost pet.

Also as a sidenote, cats (as in domestic cats) aren't ever wild. They're feral because they're a domesticated species. Same with pigeons.
And how did you fare? :P
Too cute to handle
This platy comments
Ho no, I got whooshed. Damn reditting before my 4th coffee.
So freaking cute!!! That little SMILE
I keep trying for some but the doctor tells me I'm crazy.
Find a nice tom cat but get him to buy you dinner first....
I got two without really thinking it through. Many sleepless nights, a baby can't be much worse.
I possess an opinion that's wildly unpopular on reddit: cat's suck. They look cute and fun, but wait until you have one inside your house. Their mission: train you to be their servant and obey their commands. Someone is going to have some anecdote to the contrary, which is fine, but you generally have to accept a few realities with this species. 

You're trading snuggles and purring for an animal that shits inside and gets litter stuck in their paws. They love walking on counters. If you think you've trained them to stay off the counter, setup a camera at night and watch them disrespect you while you sleep. They sometimes make howling sounds in the middle of the night, especially if your bedroom door is closed. Even spayed/neutered I've seen them piss wherever they want in the house. You're going to get scratched. They sometimes shred curtains/blinds as they climb up them. They sometimes develop a habit of using your furniture as a scratching post.

The modern way of keeping cats is to force them to be an indoor pet, which makes them incredibly bored if you don't devote daily hours to their entertainment. They basically live inside a big cage with you. If you let them outside, they turn into a well-fed machine that kills for fun, and are responsible for the death of an incredible amount of wildlife. They are adept at killing and do so simply on instinct, as they don't have to struggle to survive when they're fed by humans.

People are going to respond and say, "but my kitty is so sweet because reasons," and that's fine. I just think they're the most overdone and invasive pet species, they contribute to local ecosystem problems when allowed to roam free, and I would never let one exist inside my house. Their cuteness is what let us humans overbreed them. Futurama had a great episode about us being brainwashed by cats.
Oh my goodness! That is incredibly sweet.
Oh my god, what a baby! That was such a great idea by you.
Omg I can’t handle it!! Seriously sweet puppy!
“It was adorable the way they fell asleep like rocks when they were full and could be placed back into the box.”


We call that being milk drunk.
HE SAID...
> Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?

ftfy
I'm on mobile
If you consider "can-confirming" to be it's own verb phrase it makes sense.
It is a joke comment, meaning yes to both.
He's just a grand mudkip
Yes to both
>r/inclusiveor
Just a joke. It's what you say when you want to fuck with someone, and not give them a straight answer. It's become the meta with questions like this.
And your mom thanks me
Lay off his back. His arms were broken.
>“Gintoki: Listen up! Let’s say you drink too much strawberry milk, and have to use the bathroom in the middle of the night, but it’s cold outside your bed. You don’t want to get up, but the urge to urinate is just too strong! You make up your mind to go! You run to the bathroom, stand in front of the toilet, and let loose! You think that all your life has led to this moment! But then you realize. It isn’t the bathroom! You’re still in bed! That feeling of lukewarm wetness spreads like wildfire! But you don’t stop! You can’t stop! That’s what I’m talking about! That’s the truth of the strawberry milk! Do you get it?”
Getting 50 shady in here
No.  My mother still does (she has a litter of 3 about two weeks old that were abandoned right now), but I had to move because of work and a 42 hour work week means little spare time.
Wait what
IMHO, the kitten looks to be too old to be having that much milk anyway :shrug:
I know, but the way you said it, without mentioning KMR at all, might give someone with the means to get KMR the idea that another mammal’s milk is better. If you can afford and access the KMR, feed them KMR. Only go on to other mammal milk if you can’t get your hands on KMR.
oh shit, what up dane cook
HAVE you seen a cat's mouth?
Cats don't have lips in the same way humans do.

[Here's a video](https://youtu.be/hKv510t91Uc) explaining how cats and dogs drink that goes into their different mouth characteristics.
TIL
I think it does use its tongue in that way but I've never really looked into it. I just know every kitten I've ever seen that had it's latch broken prematurely would still have it's tongue out like [this](https://i.imgur.com/qkF4B2I.jpg)

Trying it myself, I am able to roll my tongue and make the same motion with my tongue as I would to drink from a straw. I can get some repeated suction without inhaling. I'm honestly just half asleep and dicking around on here though.
Ever heard of lungs? I’ll bet you 1 million I can suck with my tongue completely out. Also who the fuck are the 13 people who upvoted this comment.
LOL... NO. That's not how nursing works for ***animals***. Cats and humans are anatomically very different; common sense should tell you that kittens nurse much differently then humans drink from straws. 😂 Animals often use their tongues OUT of their mouths to nurse. A simple Google search would have told you this... but you don't even need to look it up, just watch the gif again and pause it the moment the syringe leaves the kittens mouth. For a half second he continues to suckle at the air, using his **tongue** slightly pushed out in a U shape against his top lip to **CREATE THE SEAL**.
Not sure if very subtle Latvian joke or genuine cultural explanation. Either way it sounds nice.
Sorry, it just seemed like you were implying that cow milk wouldn't be dangerous for kittens, so I wanted to clarify that it was.
I thought they only develop the lactose intollerance at a later stafe in their life
ah yes rescue, sorry for my bad english.. haha
thanks again...
Try putting out some canned wet food and see if the kitten will eat it. That will also help it learn to trust you and make catching it easier.
Not so good... :)
This...uh...hmm...


WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU???
You need to have 20 coffee-filled syringes ready to go!
PM me
If you're not able to conceive one naturally, there's always adoption
I don't put out til the third date, I'll have you know
You can find Tommy the Cat down there in O’Malley’s Alley!
> a baby can't be much worse.

"Hold my beer" - Life
You have to do it for much much longer.
> Their mission: train you to be their servant and obey their commands.

I for one welcome our new cat overlords.
Cats are jerks, cute cuddly little jerks. I'm pretty sure I have toxoplasmosis as no matter how annoying my cat is I love him with all my heart.
thats just like, your opinion tht no one happened to ask for
Just think of them as pornstars. You really don't want to share a house with one but it's fun to look at pictures of them on the internet.
i have 2cats, they never shit inside, they dont piss where they want or any of your made up bullshit. your house was a shit stained piss ridden shit hole and the cats couldn't tell if it was a home or a toilet. you just got served a grand slam.
One thing people don’t talk about enough, is that the breed of cat you have will change everything!  

They’re just like dogs in that sense. People get athletic dogs and get annoyed that their dog tears apart their house when they don’t walk them.

Some cats, like Siamese cats, are natural born talkers, while others rarely make a “meow”.  Some cats are stalkers, and fighters, and hunters that need to scratch and play, while others, like Scottish Folds, are laaaaaazy as fuuuuck and love to just chill and groom themselves. 

Before anyone gets a cat they should figure out what the type of cat is like, and if you adopt a stray kitten, don’t teach them to fight.  🥊 

Groom them with a warm cloth, pet them, and if they want to play, never use your hands as a “toy”.  Tons of toys out there for them to learn to use!

If they accidentally scratch you, look offended, and walk away.  It seems cute when they’re little but you’re essentially teaching them how to be a death claw machine. Enjoy that when they’re older. UNDER-BED SNEAK ATTACK!

My husband learned this from raising four different cats, all different breeds, some found in the woods as kittens, some abandoned at mid-age, some adopted as adults from abused families.  They’re also learning from us how to be assholes, but they can be trained out of it too :) 

Seen some total asshole cats become loving lap pets with his family’s love. 💜
The solution to all these problems: adopt an old cat. If they’re pissing inside then, something is seriously wrong and it’s vet time. But my old girl doesn’t go outside except to poop on the neighbours lawn. Old cats are very mellow.
Though I have a cat and I would never want anything bad to happen to the ungrateful little bastard, you are correct in your synopsis. He’s an asshole who literally does nothing useful in return for being fed, vetted, given multiple cozy places to sleep and be petted 100% on his terms 100% of the time. Somehow we continue to keep him around though. Even after he decided he would no longer be using the litter box, choosing to use the dogs bed instead. Our dog is a senior and we thought he was routinely wetting the bed. We made the poor dude wear diapers and considered whether it was time to put him down. Nope, just the cat being his typical asshole self!
HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA
So am I. Mobile doesn't magically make grammar errors or nonsensical comments.
He edited the original comment.
r/everyfuckingthread
Wake OP up for more food :D
he calls himself Uncle Dane now and does video game tutorials on YouTube, the Dane Cook persona hasn't been relevant for years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US7GgY5a4Ug
> Cats don't have lips. Neither do dogs.

Cats have lips, dogs also have lips. Your video is about cheeks.

Adult cats and dogs use their tongue to drink because they are quadripeds that lack the ability to manipulate objects like humans and have incomplete muscular control over their cheeks. Baby cats and dogs use their lips and tongues to create a seal on the nipple to drink, because they aren't drinking a pool of liquid.

How else would you drain a syringe aside from pressure differences (note that the plunger is never depressed mechanically)?

Your video simply doesn't apply because it's describing drinking from a pool of liquid, not a nipple or nipple simulant like a syringe. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fhf1mZz_ARY) is a video showing a kitten creating a seal on the nipple of its mother using its top lips and tongue.
Yeah, the statement that the tongue can’t be used for the seal _and_ for suction was incorrect, so that was my bad.
Yeah, I have heard of lungs. I’ve also heard that it’s a bad idea to suck liquid into them. I bet the 13 people who upvoted my comment heard that too.

Obviously, you can create suction by moving your diaphragm down to draw air into your lungs. Very similarly to how pulling your tongue back draws fluid into your mouth.

You probably could get a little suction with your tongue completely out, because there are muscles at the back of your throat that can be expanded, and you can also open your jaw somewhat without breaking your mouth seal, both of which can create space that draws in fluid. (Using your jaw would probably be harder with your tongue all the way out though, since that is already putting your jaw in a more-open position.) 

But you don’t need a bet with me to find out, just pay attention the next time you’re drinking through a straw. You’ll notice that it’s a two-stage process: first you draw liquid into your mouth, and then you pass it to the muscles of your throat and esophagus for escort to your stomach. Put your hand on your belly for the first stage: you won’t feel your diaphragm move at all. If you take your time and draw the liquid in slowly, you’ll be able to pay pretty close attention to how you’re pulling the liquid in. You should notice considerable involvement of the back part of your tongue (the area that’s most rooted).

Fun fact: the same tongue and throat manipulation that creates a cavity that gets filled by liquid when you’re drinking through a straw is also used to change pitch when you whistle. The larger the cavity size, the lower the pitch.
midsummers is a genuine Latvian holiday! :) sex, beer, georgian grilled meat, cheese and vegetables
It's all good, both of us just wanted to make sure no one's having a wrong idea about how all of this works :D Cheers
Raccoon babies do the exact same think except add screaming when you take the syringe away. Source: I worked at an wildlife rehabilitation center.
Something something username
Username Checks Out
Or ivf
Such a discerning pervert....
I enjoyed your response the most. Your cats have trained you well.
holy shit, let it go man.
Oooooh
Just waiting for the day that r/everyfuckingthread shows up on r/everyfuckingthread
He's incredibly insightful in sentry placement, even taught me a lot both in playing and countering engineers
If dogs don't have lips, then what do you call the lips that dogs have?
If we could see past the lips, I'd bet the seal is actually between its **gums** and tongue. I bet teeth has something to do with it. They're not visible until about 3 weeks, and kittens nurse for a minimum of about 4 weeks.
The video I linked specifically describes why cats and dogs can't use their cheeks to suck in liquids, just as you described.
When you suck air into your mouth, it siphons the liquid into your mouth cavity and it falls into the bottom and also gets blocked by your esophagus. 

It doesn’t matter what you use it still gets blocked by your esophagus.

The whole tongue and mouth scenario is just possible because of the vacuum created by our lungs. Without that you can move all your tongue and mouth you want, you wont suck anything in since vacuum wont be created in the first place.
Awww
Rocket - nah - Syringe Raccoon
Something something I like to set up jokes
username checks out
The cold doesn't bother me anyway.
That day is today.
Forgeries.

Sir, step this way.
Dog's lower lip is just lower lip and the upper lip is called flews. But they're still lips.
The other commenter was mistaken, dogs and cats have lips.
Fake news?
>The video I linked specifically describes why cats and dogs can't use their cheeks to suck in liquids, just as you described.

No, your video explains how adult cats and dogs drink from pools of liquid because they can't create a seal similarly to humans on a pool of liquid. They lack the ability to fully close their cheeks and to manipulate their lips forward.

When suckling, cats and dogs both create a seal on the *protruding nipple* (notice the difference here from a pool of liquid) using their top lips and tongue.

I've included a video of a close up of a kitten suckling that demonstrates this.

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7XeXo0gfFc&t=16s) is one that demonstrates the same behavior in puppies.
I just realized, I don't think I've ever seen *that* much karma racked up in a little over a year.  That's pretty crazy /u/discerningpervert but also discerning.
checks out UsernameChecksOut username checks out
Ok make sure I’m in the screenshot
I never said they can't make a seal with their tongues. Neither did the video. It was offered as a simple description of our favorite domestic animals' mouths. It wasn't intended to describe the specific behavior in the video or answer every question about animal mouths, just as additional information for the curious.
I was expecting arounf 150k-200k tops, but no they went up to +475k in karma
You should have seen my first reddit account before I deleted it
r/everyfuckingthread
Don't backpedal. It's very clear that you were, in context, stating that cats and dogs can't create a seal to suckle.

You misapplied some prior knowledge (which is okay) and should just state that you have done so.
I was trying to say that they don't have big lips like humans do and can't create suction in the same way.

Don't try to put words in my mouth in an attempt to make yourself feel superior. 

All I did was link a video that I thought could give some information to people. Feel free to pick apart the video for it's accuracy all you want but I don't see why it's so important for you to try to figure out some hidden agenda from my post.
WTF dude? He literally said you misapplied some prior knowledge. That's not trying to say you have a hidden agenda. Stop acting like you're being persecuted for being corrected.
Please tell me where I misapplied prior knowledge? I said cats don't have lips like humans do and posted a video.
I like this man, however, I’m not usually a fan of comedians who use props.
His Instagram is @k9_jester
Imagine seeing that doggo sticking his head out the window during a high speed chase. I'm doing that now. All I hear is *weeewooooweeewooooo!* while the rotars spin on the hat
He’s undercover in disguise.
"Step aside, sir.  Official police business!"
Wait! [I know this guy](https://gfycat.com/SophisticatedChubbyGalago)!
Who opened the door?!?!
I think doggo came from the IT department
*Bark my words kidz, Drugs are for pugs. *
El Cajon Police department? Yup, that's right! A subburb of "San Deeago". An everyone knows what that's German for!
He has the heli upgrade... i’d be super careful for this boss fight.
When you lie on the application but get the job anyway
I used to sell drugs to that kid in highschool...  wait a minute
The look on his face is priceless!
Put the curb your enthusiasm theme over this
Nothing but respect for MY boys in blue 😤👮🏻
So automatic doors now on k9 vehicles. Clever!
Is it his day off?
Cute AF
K9 aviation units are finally taking off
How do you do fellow kids.
Reposts are cool
*Steals an apple*
*Car door opens*

STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!
K-9 Jester?
Looks like that dogs interning at google
[removed]
I got to give a drug sniffer doggo cuddles and kisses once! He was the happiest boye ever! Soo thrilled to get the scritches.

 I was going through customs in Europe and got my carry on pulled and drug tested. The Drug test came back positive and I had to wait for a sniffer dog to come and check me and my bag out.

Doggo came and professionally checked out my bag (no drugs, I've actually never even smoked weed nevermind any real drugs.) and we were free to go.

I didn't speak the language (french) so I don't know if I was actually allowed to give him cuddles but the handler seemed fairly amused.

Anyway... Hope someone enjoyed this lil story.
You’re under arrest. You’re being charged with reposting.
Do me a heckin freeze, pal.
Every department has that one guy....
General Reposti!
"Hello fellow kids, where can I find the nearest drug dealer to procure some of the devils lettuce"
              -that dog probably
bORK BORK NOM NOM
That hat makes him look so non threatening lol
Stupidest Instagram in the world
Then he tears you to pieces, propeller spinning as he goes
Automatic door??
General reposti
Repost.
Fun police
Typical rookie hazing
WHIRLY BOYE!!
Stop, you're under pawrrest
The dog’s name is Jester lol
Herrrrrrrrrre’s Johnny!!!
can we stop having police dogs on here
Repost doggo
Special K9 officer doofy
r/unexpectedboburnham
The real K-9👏👏👏👍👍👍🔥🔥🔥
Also says K9 Jester on the inside of the door.
Of coarse the dog has an instagram
You’re doing that now? Aren’t you worried you’ll swallow a bug or something?
Thank you for that.
Just imagining a high enough speed where his ears and the prop sound like a Blackhawk.
Infiltrating "Animal House" no doubt. ;)
Pawlice
Some police K9 vehicals have hydrolic openers that the handler can trigger remotely.
Look at the bottom of the door as it opens, there is a little piston there that pushes the door open.  The officer can pop the door open remotely if he needs help, the dog comes running.
I made a pirate hat out of a router box once. HR confiscated it.
Never thought I'd see my home town anywhere on Reddit!!
"El Cajon? That's the anus of San Diego!"  (like I should talk, I'm in Santee)
what are you doing in a default sub then, sweetie? this is how reddit has always been :)
Yep

/u/teddybaerd, your comment was removed for the following reason:  

* Instagram links are not allowed in this subreddit. Handles are allowed (e.g. @example), as long as they are not a hotlink. (this is a spam prevention measure. Thank you for your understanding)   

To have your comment restored, please edit the instagram link out of your comment, then send a [message to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/aww&subject=Request to restore comment by /u/teddybaerd&message=This [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8sz8g9/police_doggo/e13v3qs/?context=10\) was removed for containing an instagram link.)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/aww) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why
OK...show us something new!
It's also K9 Jester
Yeah, but his Instagram is smooth, not coarse.
Good call. That’s kinda what I assumed but I had just woke up and it blew my mind lol.
Isn't the 67 the anus? That's the only way out of that town? LoL!
Isn't the 67 the anus? That's the only way out of that town? LoL!
I said they are cool.  I'm sorry cutie dud you thijnk that I was being sarcastic?
Dad get off reddit
And my question was answered!
Awww! Pet him already, you monster!
"Senpai notice me"

Such lovey eyes and kitten tongue
Those blinks should melt anyone’s heart 😍
r/petthedamndog
General Reposti!
Lol
Stahp! CUTE OVERLOAD!!
That was a fast repost, oh well at least this one is longer
such love in his eyes
Aww this makes me miss my kitty.  He disappeared a few months ago along with a litter of kittens.  He was the biggest suck up and cuddliest cat😢😢😭
I've seen this reposted so many times but I will never get tired of it. Those eyes!
Why are Asian cats so much cooler/social?
"bUt CaTs aRe aSsHoLeS!"
He mirin
Can you be done meow?
Anyone else notice he’s writing from right to left?!?! 

I knew it was a thing, but to see it in action!
This is literally me whenever my boyfriend tries to read
My thoughts to. Anytime a pet approaches me like that it’s automatic petting mode for me.
Hijacking top comment. Can we quit reposting these with crap music added? Someone keeps doing this to r/aww and it's super annoying.
I almost ended up screaming "PET THE KITTY!" at the screen.
r/mlem
Thought it was
It's time for the daily repost.
Unless he's writing in Arabic, this clip might have been mirrored (sorry)
Shitting on my dreams.
Just fulfilling my doody
Ah! Ah  ha! I see what you did there;) good for you!
Guess this answers the age old question of how dogs would wear pants.
This is adorable
Squad goals
Friends Best Man
r/blessed_images
r/confusingperspective material right there.
I can't take someone named McNut seriously
My ex broke our engagement, left me, and immediately slept with a friend we'd met through an mmo 6 months prior who she'd been having an emotional affair with. I cannot respect anyone who is capable of this.

Not all exes deserve respect. Respect yourself instead.
My ex was a bellend, I chose to be on his presence BC I thought I was worthless. He deserves 0% of my respect
Cannot agree with this. If you had an ex who did something like cheat, steal money or abuse you then they absolutely do not deserve respect.
I want to agree, but every new relationship comes with exploration, and sometimes you discover terrible, even irredeemable traits.
Wise words Mr McNutt, wise words.
ｎｕｔ
I had ex that abusive me in all ways and lightly physical. He would constantly threaten to take his own life and told me in my face I was just a sex toy to him.

He deserves no respect and the only lesson I learned there was to stop feeling worthless but that came after a full year recovery. I still hate him to this day.
Screw that, some ex’s are ex’s for a good reason.
Respect yourself and honor past decisions. I disagree you should respect the EX themselves. Also respect the fact that you made the decision to *not be with them anymore.*

I only have 2 people that I dated briefly before I got married. I have great affection for my memories of those times, even though Im not in touch with either person anymore. But I have heard enough relationship horror stories that being told to "respect" an ex when they are just awful human beings rubs me the wrong way.
Mcnutt on his ex... wise words👏🏻👏🏻
Soo, this is stupid.  You can think you know someone well until a single incident changes that.  Or it could take time to realize that someone is emotionally-stunted; untrustworthy; or just any number of things that you can't know about a person by simply be attracted to them.
I am on good terms with all exes except one. Not a bad track record. That one can shove off though <3
I respected him until he had an affair with my best friend who was also the Godmother if my 1 year old son so.... Yea no respect left for him.
Well said Sir McNUTT 💦💦😭🥜
I actually do respect my ex, he's was my greatest boyfriend, and he was my first, too. I still haven't dated anybody since.
Solid advice.
No.
Does this count if they went out with someone else for 2 weeks without telling you or giving the slightest clue
Absolutely the fuck not
Cue the 100 people that are about to comment but miss the point of this and instead blame a shitty breakup for wasting 2 years of their life...

Edit - I forgot how many perfect people are on Reddit. My bad, thanks for using your down votes to remind me that clearly none of your exes might feel like you are a shitty person and that *only you* feel that way about exes... /s, obviously.  

Also, I get it... Your ex sucked. I had a few of those.  I am sure a few of them felt that about me too.  I wasn't always awesome. I've made bad decisions too.  I chose to be with them and they me. I respect that time and the lessons learned and credit it for the wonderful marriage I have today (13 years strong).  Don't be fools, folks.
Would you like some fries with your McNut?
Not even the third of his name?
I wish you the best of healing! 

I’ve been through similar things. I choose to respect the lessons I learned and the resilience I displayed.
Your ex doesn't deserve respect.
I had a friend who did this. Wasn't fun to witness
Sometimes you're with a person just long enough to realize what selfish, dishonest people they really are.
I understand that there are certainly exceptions. I spent plenty of my time with abusive dickbags. That never was a real relationship though. And respect and understanding of a decision I made, is different than admiration for someone.

I choose to respect that time in my life and what I learned. I get nothing dragging them through the dirt. 

Also, no super awesome quote applies to everything all the time. 

I wish you the best of healing!
Then don’t live by advice given by other people...

Though that statements contradictory ;)
I feel like for many people, this quote is akin to saying, “Have respect for heroin, you and heroin shared experiences together. Don’t talk about heroin like you didn’t choose to spend time with it everyday.” 

People make mistakes that consume their lives for a time and often cause lasting damage. They’re not under an obligation to look back upon the cause of that pain with respect and nostalgia just because at one time it seemed like they enjoyed it.
There's being wholesome and there's being delusional.

A lot of people regret past decisions and that's okay. We're all only human and making bad decisions is part of life.
I’ve always respected my exes until my last one, I respect all but one now
Thank. You. 

r/whoooosh
Unfortunately, there are lots of exceptions like that. 

Your post says *Have respect for them*. I don't agree with that. In some cases it does end well, in many cases it doesn't and people have no obligation to think the way they did while in the relationship. It's perfectly reasonable to change your mind and vent afterwards if it helps you heal. 

I'm sorry, but this post is not wholesome but delusional in my opinion.
Agreed. I am STILL processing the emotional damage from my abusive ex and it's been several years.
I think people have this idea in mind that someone is awful and that's what breaks a relationship when in reality it could be something as simple as no chemistry. They're both good people but they just don't mesh together.
Shoutout to my ex!
Shoutout to my first GF. 10 years ago we broke up. She’s now one of my closest, most supportive and best friend.
I think I'd put one on myself over them, they're good people.
Yep. My ex is literally coming over tomorrow to help me sell my bike.  He's more than happy to help, he knows more about bikes than me, and I'd feel more comfortable with him here because it's a unisex bike and it's a man I've never met coming to see it and he wants me to feel safe and get a good price.

After we broke up, and I didn't have a bed, he drove me to Ikea, we picked up a new bed, and then he put it together for me. 

He is a good man.  We will always love and support each other, but we're just not compatible living together.  But he's ace and I value our time together.  I love that we respect each other and will always be kind to one another.
Lol I wish I could rise to the level of maturity all you fine people seem to have about your exs.
[Respect Your Ex](https://imgur.com/gallery/qtDY9GG)
I’m now really curious to the top comments. Also use dark mode you fucking animal
Same with me. My ex was wonderful but things weren’t going so well towards our ending.
My ex and I were really good friends for a year after we broke up and I was surprised at how many people couldn’t believe we were still on good terms as if every relationship has to end in a disaster
If only everyone was this lucky :')
Same. Turns out, I'm an asshole.
Happy cake day!
What I always say about both my ex wife and ex fiance
Don’t feed after midnight
The only other real boyfriend I've had besides my current one and lame elementary school not-really boyfriends kept insisting he was in it for the long haul and was over just trying to get into girls pants and all that which I didn't even like because I didn't like him as much as he was saying he liked me. But then after I dumped him and he graduated, his younger sister was in my art class and she told me about how he would come home every day complaining about how I wasn't putting out. Even tho we only dated for a week. And I was a virgin. And i was literally never home alone so we would never get a chance even if i wanted to
I actually don’t hate any of my exes and am still friends with most of them. Two of them actually left me for their exes, whom (or who?) they eventually married. Go me?
Of course its possible to have a wonderful ex.

But not for me.

I want to bury mine alive.
Even if there was some kind of quality belonging to either of the two people, that caused the relationship to fail, that doesn’t have to mean they’re actually a bad person. Or that someone else will experience said negative quality in the same way. Everyone has flaws, and there’s always somebody who can handle them
A warning lake label for my ex is 'warning, needy and obsessive.
"Heads up nein doesn't mean her age"
My [last serious] ex and I had a wonderful relationship, but we didn't have the same outlook for what we wanted in the future. I took it hard at first, but, we're still friends and she's a great person and I wish her nothing but happiness. She kept our dog when we broke up (about 5 years ago — whoa, time flies!), and still will bring her by or let me keep her if she's going out of town.

My current [first actually serious since the ex] girlfriend thinks it's awesome, and reflects my character in a positive light.

"Ex" doesn't inherently mean "vile person I hate."
Yep. My GF of 6 years and I recently broke up because I want kids and she doesn't. Simple as that. She's a wonderful person and I wish her all the best.
My last ex and I were the best communicators. We barely had one or two bad fights in the three years we dated, and none lasted long because we would talk so well about our feelings. We just also weren't sexually compatible. Like best friends who kissed a lot but rarely slept with each other, and if we did it was like checking off a task for the week/month/however long it was. Being excellent communicators, we tried a ton to work on this issue together over the years, but ultimately it led to our breakup. I still think he's an excellent guy who will make someone else super happy and fulfilled. I tried a lot to see if that could be me, but it just wasn't in the cards for us.
Yeah most of my exes either was a chemistry thing that fizzled out our a needing to be separate to grow into adults, they were fine people and I have no animosity towards them.
I want to give a shoutout to your ex too!
You're really quite the man!
I though that only happened in sitcoms.
Sorry if this is an insensitive question, but do you have any residual feelings for him? For me concerning a specific past breakup, I had a hard time handling the loss of companionship and doing those kinds of things together. It was hard for me to casually hangout without wanting to be romantic, like holding hands or cuddling. It’s why I’ve always had to entirely cut off contact with my exes because I couldn’t handle that change.
Some people really do have good breakups. Just because you haven't doesn't mean you're immature.
Seriously, like maybe I could be friends with my ex, but she did brag about cheating on me with an actual dozen other guys once we broke up
Right? I forget that people still use the white background and I’m like “what website is this screen shot from?! It hurts my eyes!”
You’re very lucky. I was best friends with a girl for two years and then we started dating. After we broke up we hardly ever spoke again.
Ted Mosby??

Edit: just realised how un wholesome this seems! I’m sure you’re going to find the person that wants all the same things you do and be so happy together, just like Ted :)
I mean me too thanks
Not an insensitive question!

I think there are pros and cons to being single.  I love my independence, and so does he.  We were basically living separately in the same house long before we broke up.  Both of our sets of parents are still together, and I think we tried to stick at it for the duration because we sort of thought we had to, and out of respect for each other.  The intimacy had stopped a long time ago, so I was sort of weaned off that prior to our mutual decision to break up.  I was also quite sick with an anxiety based eating disorder, which meant that I didn't really feel like any of that sort  of stuff, and didn't really like my body.

We made a mutual decision to break up, and he was nice enough to let me do the actual talk, even though it was very clear that neither of us were happy. We promised each other that whatever happened, we would always be kind to each other.

I think relationships take many forms these days, you don't have to be in a committed intimate relationship not to care about one another and be kind. He knows that now I'm living by myself that I might need help with some things, and I know he loves baking, so he might pop around to help fix something, and I will have baked something for my friends or co-workers and he can have some.  It's sort of quid pro quo in a way.

We could never live together again, and we both know that, but we talk every couple of days just to check in, because we spent a long time in each others lives and it makes sense.  We both work very hard at our jobs, and he travels a lot, so we'll just chat when he's on the way to the airport and we de-brief.  To me it feels natural and healthy, and I would not feel at all saddened if he re-coupled, and I suspect he would feel the same for me.  I hope to always be friends with him, even if we need to re-define it if either of us re-couple and our friendship worries or disturbs our respective partners.  I respect that.  But for now, it works for both of our lives the way it is, if that makes sense?

We live in a funny old world, and sometimes simply being as kind as you can to each other is the way forward, however and whenever possible.
I've definitely never had a good break up.
That's disappointing. Maybe she will come around someday.
Well you don’t want to be friends with someone like that.
Im not racist, I never lie, but I think there’s a disconnect between your culture and mine.
What about nascar?
Running isn’t bad at shorter distances. I walked 13 miles in a day once though, and decided the marathon is just masochistic.
Is culture tied more to race or ethnicity?
I want more educational rap.
I absolutely love Jamaica. The people are just so high in spirit and the land is beautiful. Also creole is a really fun language to learn.
Love this guy.

He did a few others like this, [here's his video on mangos.](https://youtu.be/zHI_BlIDXu4)
CU-CUMBA!
This is what I actually call them now, and I eat one every day just so I can say it like him
I love this so much.
Amazing
One of my fav videos ever
Also, cucumber beer. If you haven't tried it, try it the next time you get the chance. 10/10 highly recommend. It's awesome
I loved Cucumber already, now I love it even more!
Lit as fuck
Makes me want a cucumba
I appreciate the intent but this Jamaican's nutritional data is way off.  There is 1.5 grams of fiber in a 8 1/4" cucumber, so you'd have to eat 20 of them to get your DRV of fiber.  Saying they're "high" in fiber is debatable.
I mean okay
Me too, I just learned so much from 1 gif.
He has some more stuff like this on his FB and YouTube, search "Macka B Medical Monday"
Hey hun just a quick correction, it’s patois not creole
Username checks out
Lmao just Jamaican
Growlithe 😊
Agreed. So a big thank you to people who make plushies of 'less common' Pokemon so that everyone can get their favourites. I mean, Pikachu is cute, and pretty much everyone knows it, but variety is a good thing. Where's my official Pyukumuku plushies?

(For any Pyukumuku fans, I recommend [looking at this](https://imgur.com/gallery/FP3Y7) - I didn't make this but I saw it a while ago and have bookmarked it because it's so cute.)
Tauros is my absolute favorite and it's just a goddman ripped cow
Oddish, I think it's the cutest one!
Mudkip for me.  The starting stats are the best and well rounded.  And the evolution line is just amazing all around.
Gengar is my favorite :)
Kakuna anyone?
Ampharos is my fave. How could anyone not love an adorable electric penguin?
Dunsparce will always have a place in my heart
I can never decide but I do love Pliplup that or Flygon.
Litwick... everyone likes to trash on it but I unironically love the whole evolution line, haha
Snorlax ❤️
Surprised no one has mentioned Absol yet, that's always been mine
Mimikyu cause... I like it 🤷‍♂️
WOBBUFFET!
Klefki was everyone's go-to example of "lazy design" in Gen6 and I had to fight every single one of them because I love it
Furret 4 life
I don't care what anyone says, Chatot is my favourite Pokémon and nobody can say otherwise :V
Who the fetch likes Luvdisc? I don't know that I could possibly believe that that... that... that THING could ever be anyone's favorite.
Toss up between Roselia and Onix for me. I know neither have the best stats, but I don't care. :D
Gen 5 is my favorite gen, and it seems to be everyone’s least favorite. Even without the nostalgia factor (It was my first Pokémon gen) it is still a great game and I love most of the Pokémon from it.
I really like Heracross, though I'm afraid of bugs.

So sometimes Xurkitree is my favourite instead.
Love me some Krookodile! Every playthrough of Gen 5, I put one on my team, it fills its slot super well.
I think my username does the talking...
Cyndaquil has, and always will be, my favorite
Eevee for ever!
Pumpkaboo def

Love the spooky lil thing n the fact that it comes in different sizes
no kidding i feel like im the only loser that loves Donphan
I love how all of these comments are different Pokémon, it proves the OP’s point! 

That said, Empoleon has a special place in my heart
It’s Spoink for me ☺️
I ❤ Wailord! 🐋
I love Stufful! He’s so cute and is based off a stuffed animal, so why can’t I find a stuffed stufful to snuggle with?
This a really wholesome post, thanks for shar-WOOOBUFFET!!!
Spheal
Piplup is definitely mine
I like Bulbasaur but I also like Galvantula I think they’re both neat.
Alakazam!
Scizor is definitely my favorite. I've replaced my starter with him in every single pokemon game since he was introduced.
Gallade for the win.
Ever since I learned it existed Ive spent hours every game trying to find the incredibly rare male ralts with semi-decent stats necessary to make a beastly gallade. He's just so cool!
Crobat is my jam, so there is a special place in my heart for Zubat and Golbat too. Too bad the stuffed animals for them are either non existent or really derpy >.<
Milotic
Cubone :) got my keychain and plush.
My life time favourite: Haunter💜
I’ve always wanted to hug that boy!
Lucario has been my day 1 !
I love Ditto
I just want a great big Snorlax beanbag chair
Derpboy 3000 and mailman extraordinaire, dragonite!
Zapdos for me. I fucking love that electric bird.
I love noibat and noivern. X was my first Pokemon game and I remember thinking noibat was so special when I got one from Japan over wonder trade!
Onix happens to be my sons favorite and we’ve never found a stuffy, we did make a pretty good one out of duct tape once
I'm boring and basic, I love Blastoise (Kamex in jp\^\^)
Rapidash
Scizor!
Toss up between Glaceon and Scolipede. I love pretty much any Pokémon that becomes a part of my team
Arcanine, no contest! (I know, obvious, but we're going like 15 years strong now).
Eevee anyone?
Cyndaquill 💕🔥
Vulpix is my favorite :) always has been, probably always will be
larvesta & surskit tbh
Gengar!!!!! He’s a purple ghost muppet!! 

EDIT: Just went through and upvoted everyone here because people sharing their favourites made me happy. Keep going!
Where are all my fellow Abra lovers??
For me it's Lucario, well after Mew because he's clearly the cutest. Lucario just looks like a total badass though.
Electabuzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Ninetails is my baby
True
9 tails was my main, but Gardevoir and Entei were my sides
Drifloon 🎈
Gonna go ahead and say [Trubbish](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Trubbish_(Pokémon)) is no one’s favorite. He’s *literally* garbage. 

Edit: not sure why but it won’t post my link to Trubbish.
Sandshrew anybody?
Ahhhh Altaria is my favorite!! I love it so much, I was so happy when it got a mega evolution
I fell in love with Mareep, then later realized it evolves into Ampharos and it became my ultimate favorite!
Krabby's ma boi!
Chimchar

My first Pokémon ever and afterwords I turned to my friend and screamed FIRE MONKEY
Beyleaf always has a special place in my heart
I love ghost types. It's a tie between Banette and Mismagius.
Grimer/Muk and Milotic. I'm so pumped for a chance to get an Alolan Muk in PoGo!
Kabutops and Toxicroak for me
Jolteon is always a staple on my teams. It was my childhood favorite and is still my go-to Eeveelution choice in most games. Its design is pretty simple, but really appeals to me a lot.

Some other personal favorites of mine are Ampharos, Absol, Archeops, and Smeargle!
Stan Lee has a saying that I like. He more or less says every comic book out there is someone's first. Their first time reading one, first time owning one, first time being exposed to a newfound favorite writer/artist, and so on. So no matter how much someone else may dislike a particular book, there is someone out there that has a special place in their heart for the same book because it was a first for them.

That being said, the Slakoth line is my favorite pokemon. Especially Slaking.
[Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/7etclr/which_pokemon_do_you_think_is_the_most_forgotten/) a thread about the most forgotten pokemon for people looking to adopt a new misfit of their own. 

My personal misfit of choice is [Carnivine](https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-xy/455.shtml) if only because I still occasionally forget it exists.
Corsola and sableye!
Cubone’s helmet just makes him so damn cute.
Wishcash has a special place in my heart :)
I love Quagsire's dopey face and Weavile's design!
Vaporeon Is my favorite. I use him everytime I get my hands on evee
I've always loved Vulpix and Nine Tails ever since I was little. My friend was into Pokemon and showed me all his cards and even though I never got into Pokemon he gave me his Vulpix card cause I thought it was cute. I still have that card.
Sandshrew is my fave.
Thankfully we went to Alola (?) and now plushies exist of him, even if he is blue now.
I'm sad I haven't seen any love for pachirisu but here it is
Dragonite, is my favorite.  





But I'm a huge sucker for ditto disguised as other pokemon. I think it looks so cute.
Bellsprout anyone? All my friends think I'm weird because I would always give my bellsprout an everstone and destroy the elite 4 with my beefed up lvl100 bellsprout
I know it's basic but charmander man. Ginger, fire and a lizard, sign me up. Garbador has a special place in my heart too
Gonna always be Leafeon, but there are so many I love!
Tyranitar!
I love the entire Lillipup/Herdier/Stoutland line.  Mustache doggo is best doggo.
There's a soft spot in my heart for Quilfish. That dumb old expression on its face is so heartwarming.
Except Metapod. Nobody likes Metapod.
I love Bastiodon, he reminds me of a bulldog. I also love Quagsire and Numel, I basically love all pokemon that looks like you need to explain things very slowly to them.
Shaymin and lurantis are my favs
Claim: nobody loves dunsparce.

Can anyone in this thread refute me? Im curious
I gotta hand it to arceus for me I just love his overall shape
Dedenne ftw 🐹🐹🐹
Altaria will always be my favorite <3
Umbreon🖤 but Drifloon is so precious too!
Latias!!!!
I really like Jolteon. But ever since the card games I always pronounced it (jol-ten) instead of (Jolt-eon)  and I can't go back.
Mudkip and Flygon 😍
Umbreon :)
Magicarp
I really like scolipede. 

He’s just so cool looking.
I like Magikarp. I think they're cute and floppy and I like them!
Any wailord bros out there
I love my Aggron :)
Except jynx
You know it brother
Me too!
I second that. Unfortunately, I'm never going to be able to find a Swellow plush that doesn't look like a mutant.
I'm still looking for a good Shuckle
To add onto this, the [official Pokemon Center website](https://www.pokemoncenter.com) sells a variety of Pokemon plushies. While they mostly have all the popular Pokemon (most starters, Eeveelutions, Alola forms etc), they also have some fairly obscure ones too such as Chandelure, Clauncher, and Passimian. While not quite as cool as the enormous handmade one you linked, they even have a (much smaller!) Pyumuku, which Reddit unfortunately won’t let me link directly for some reason. If anyone’s looking for an official plush of their favorite, check there!
That looks oddly fuckable
I love it’s wavey wavey tails!
Ditto. Errrr I mean me too
That whole line is the best. Vileplume is actually my fav but I love Oddish and Gloom too.
Herd u liek mudkipz
Me too! Gengar ftw!
I think Gengar is my number one, though I also really like Loudred.
Gengar is my favorite and let me tell you random redditor, the story why;

The year is 1998, and 9 year old me just found out that my parents were getting separated. To add icing onto the cake, my cousins who had lived with us for my entire life until this point, would be moving across the country, so a lot of change all at once for a 9 year old. I had just gotten my first gameboy (a wonderful present from my grandparents) and pokemon Blue. My grandparents then decided to take my sister and I out on a cross country road trip (get us out of my parents hair and such, it was a good idea). The day before I left my cousin "borrowed" a link cable from her friend and we decided to trade favorites! I got her Haunter and she got my Blastoise. Imagine my surprise when  it evolved after trading (we were pretty dumb and didn't know this was a thing yet).

I'll never forget that Gengar. Sometimes it would feel like my cousin was still there, but not quite, almost like there was always a ghost of her with me. Helping me through what was the hardest time of my young life. So many hours desperately trying to focus on anything but what was happening around me, through it all, I could look at that little purple sprite and remember that I still have family out there. I miss you cuz 

TL:DR; Gengar is the best.
Me too!
Mine too! Ever since I found out me and Gengar are the same height they've been my favorite :)
Back when I didn't play Pokémon and only watched others play it, I thought it looked really cool.
Penguin? Ampharos is my favourite too, I always thought they were a sheep/llama type thing?

Edit: Also I named my favourite ampharos Baabara, because of the sheep thing.
I don't remember which game it was, platinum or soulsilver, but I grabbed a Mareep because it was adorbs, then it eventually turned into an absolute badass. Been my favorite ever since.
I remember going through pokemon gold thinking that he was the best and eventually wasting my life beating the eleate 4 with a level 100.
Flygon is good.
I know! I was so psyched when I saw chandelure in pokken tournament!
I like it as well (not my fave tho). I like pretty much all of the gen 5 Pokémon while others hate on them.
Snorlax is my spirit animal. I want to live in the pokemon universe and have just one pokemon, that I use both as a mattress and to crush my enemies.
I was looking for it too! Surprised it was so far down. Its mine as well.
Mimikyu is pretty great. Probably my number 2 favorite.
Please keep it down. This is a public forum.
I’m glad someone out there loves it, not my thing but I’m happy it’s appreciated
I love klefki, it’s so adorable! Plus did you see the klefki keychain merch? Absolutely precious!
yes!!
That’s my dads favourite!
I like Chatot, but only because in gen 4 and 5 you could make those noises with them. I got one that was a 1% chance in some hidden Grotto and was really excited. It’s the little things.
I can see someone who loves pink and over-the-top cuteness loving that.
Aquarists can be absolutely ~~nuts~~ dedicated! There are unboxing videos of discus fish.
Gen 5 was great, it released more original pokemon than the first game, and there were so many memorable ones, combine that with one of the better storylines and you have a fantastic gen.

Everyone likes to shit on Gen 5 because of "trashbag and ice cream pokemon" but they forget about amazing entries such as Krookodile, Braviary, Haxorus, Hydreigon and so many others.
Yeah klinklang is still my favorite because it was my strongest Pokémon the first time I played
It's the gen that got me into Pokémon for real. Trubbish, Zoroark, Volcarona, Scraggy, Oshawott, Tepig, Cofagrigus, Litwick, Vanillite, Archen, Eelektross, Leavanny, and Lilligant, to name a few. These are some of my absolute favourites!
Seedot is adorable though
Number 1 at my start, number 1 in my heart
Me too. Don't care for its evolutions, but I love Cyndaquil.
Great choice!
Phanpy for me, but I love the whole evolution line!! There’s literally dozens of us!
> Donphan

http://pm1.narvii.com/5745/c9520b40b0a991d58fa2d9509a81c32bb2126e0f_00.jpg
He always had a spring to his step
Hell yeah! Gallade for life!
I've never been into Pokemon, but my little brother loved the show, back in the nineties. I really liked Haunter, because of his grin and adorable laughter :)
Noibat's design is just absolutely brilliant! Bats are my favourite animals, and Game Freak sure did them justice!
If you had to choose between Kantonian and Alolan Vulpix though?
I’m a Gengar person but I will say, when I first played Pokemon I used kadabra so much in one play through because I’d spent so much time trying to get an Abra. I couldn’t even trade cause I didn’t have a game boy or a connection cable for the game (Emerald) so I just used a kadabra without being able to evolve it the entire game. Little guy kicked ass
I came here to say Garbodor. I originally played Pokemon Red, but never got into any of the newer games. One day, I was taking with a friend about getting into it, and she mentioned Garbodor. I decided Red was enough Pokemon for me. 

> Edit: not sure why but it won’t post my link to Trubbish. 

Need to add a backslash before the closing parenthesis in the URL. 

    [Trubbish](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Trubbish_(Pokémon\))

[Trubbish](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Trubbish_(Pokémon\))
Yay finally someone said it! I'm an aspiring Pokémon fan artist and I can proudly announce that Trubbish _is_ my favourite Pokémon! 🙋
lmao, he was my favorite that generation. I can't say he's my favorite of *all time*, but God love him he was the star of my party in Black/White.
I never thought there were other Muk fans!!!
Those are both great pokémon!
And Zubat. I'd love them if it weren't for fighting one every three steps in a cave
Someone posted above that dunsparce is their favorite, yeah.
Maybe it's time to learn a new skill :) plushies aren't too hard to make, the materials are pretty cheap and it's loads of fun.
Wow, Etsy has almost nothing on Swellow. That's sad... I need to learn how to make plushies better (I can make them right now, but they're not exactly GOOD) so I can help out with people's favourites.
Shuckle is too good of a design not to make a plushie out of. _I adore him_
A quick Etsy search gave me [this pretty cute one](https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/519782198/shuckle-pokemon-plush), though it's also pretty expensive as a result. There's also at least two amigurumi and a [SHUCKLE HAT.](https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/263304139/shuckle-pokemon-fleece-hat-with-earflaps) Seriously, this thing is adorable, how have I not seen it before? Though I haven't exactly been looking for that type of hat recently, I've been more looking for summery-hats.
They don’t have Mareep gahhh it’s literally a soft, fluffy, huggable sheep that should be the easiest to make into a plush :(
Look at all those Ditto Transformations plushies [and yet they forgot his best one.](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/164/867/b11.gif)
Oooh, they have Chandelure? I might have to look into that...

It's surprisingly hard to find any of my top three, and they're all more prominent than some. Giratina, the only official plush I've found is a derpy-looking one (which I own and sleep with and he is squishy and adorable, but even so) and I have seen zero official Origin Forme plushies, for example. Wooper needs more love too, I can understand people not thinking Hydreigon cute ~~even though they're wrong~~, but Wooper? -|-(^-^)-|-?
Of course.
Kinda. Their lower forms are obviously sheep, but ampharos itself always reminded me of a lovable huggable penguin.
Worth it but I have actually used one I just remember seeing him in the post game and immediately falling in love
They are like a parrot fish discus cross over, I find their design delightful
Okay but seriously is there anyone out there who’s favorite Pokémon, out of all the awesome, cute, cool, powerful, unique ones out there, is garbodor? Be honest
Gen 5 is fantastic and has so many great designs that get overlooked for the ones everyone likes to trash on (pun intended? even though I honestly find Trubbish cute). My favorite from that Gen is Archeops, which is easily in my top 5 or maybe even top 3 Pokemon ever.
You can't. It's impossible.

(Alolan is probably fluffier, though...)

Also, same, tbh.
Well, I love fire type Pokémon, so probably Kanto :) that doesn’t mean that Alolan Vulpix isn’t awesome though!
Same here. I always wondered how an Alakazam would be awesome to have but was happy anyways to always have a Kadabra on my team
Actually, I've seen some youtubers who unapologetically love Zubat, idk if it was there their favorite, but it's bound to be someone's favorite
My bad. Should have read the whole thread
Ah no, that’s really too bad :( a fluffy Mareep plush would be perfect!
I knew exactly what this was going to be before I clicked. Iconic, haha
You might be in luck with Wooper!  Pretty sure there is an official plush of it currently for sale. Wooper/Quagsire are pretty underrated in general so it’s always nice to see some love for them!

I think I’ve seen that Giratina before and it’s pretty cute, as derpy as it is lol. It would be cool to see a more accurate plush of it, though, and I’m surprised there isn’t one since it’s a decently popular legendary. Hydreigon needs some more love too in terms of official merch. I think it has one of the coolest designs in the games. Some people may find Hydreigon scary, but he is still a good boi.
You never know, I've seen people like Voltorb and Electrode, and they are just literal spheres. There is a pokemon for everyone.
I loved my kadabra, I remember spending ages training it
I know right?? It’s designed for being a cute plush haha
It's so awesome that something so powerful can be so gentle and kind. I always watched her videos and it never stopped amazing me how intelligent she was.
For those who want more info, Koko repeatedly expressed her desire to be a mother (through sign language). Since she wasn’t able to reproduce, her caretakers got her kittens instead.
She was extremely happy until they died. Due to the circumstances, it was natural for her to outlive her “kids.” She expressed great grief.



Koko was amazing.
Fun story: Koko once tore a sink out of the wall and when confronted about it, blamed it on the kitten.
Koko was amazing indeed. RIP Koko...you are one more being I will look for when I cross the river.
So adorable
Awww I know Koko is reunited with her babies on the rainbow bridge and shes so happy. 🦍🐱😭
No :-( Why..... I Just found out she died this week.
While I was sitting here thinking she died 10 years ago
I will miss her and her humanity, rip sweet one.
Truly shows how smart these animals can be, rasing and handling a kitten like a human would.
Watching this I wonder what it must have been like to *be* Koko. The world is strange and extraordinary.
Rip Koko such a great friendship
RIP sweet girl.
Hannah Shaw, Kitten Lady, had a really cool connection to Koko.  Koko really loved kittens and the keepers even said she enjoyed watching Hannah’s educational kitten care videos. Hannah spent her 30th birthday with Koko, playing with kittens together. It’s really amazing that two completely different species can bond over kittens. :)
One day primates like gorillas and orangutans will rise up and take over this world and in all honesty I think they’ll do a pretty good job of it
[Koko!  Koko!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXTlAJrgGEY)
Bye Koko....I love you more than people:)
RIP, Koko ;_;
I went aww while sitting on the toilet.
[So adorable](https://youtu.be/X3xHl5LeCrk)
*i knew she would stop tearing them in half eventually*
And in a cage, that part never stops to amaze me
She is easily more intelligent , than a kid with down syndrome (no offense to these people).
Why did they die?
did they tell Koko that she wasn't able to have children or a explain it to her why at all?
Cats don't obey the laws of physics and they also know that humans don't believe gorillas.
That was Alex the parrot.
It's like we're distant relatives or something funky...
The taxes will be bananas!
And someone will make a movie about it.  No...a SERIES of movies about it.
Don't know why you're being down voted. People suck.
You don’t deserve these downvotes!
And I'm amazed how these kinds of comments are always in the negative karma. Need to sort by controversial to find them.

I guess reddit just loves imprisoning animals and won't have any of it if someone wants to point out how fucked up it is.
Eh, maybe a particularly bad case, but most kids I’ve met with Downes can do math, speak English -with prompting and some difficulty- and are generally more intelligent than any other primate.
She is easily more intelligent than a kid*

FTFY
No she isn't. Not even close.
... maybe if you have to say "no offense" after saying something, you just shouldn't say it. that's still offensive.
One got run over I think.
She lived to be ~~64~~ 46, cats don't live that long.
Sudden gorilla attack. (Jk idk)
*clap*
*clap*
*clap*
Because family guy is unfunny cancer
I laughed as well. It's horrible, but it's funny.
Because they would never know how intelligent she was if she wasn't in a cage, also how cute it is. Mean while ICE is caging kids and people are enraged.
Yeah I know one who is very high functioning. He's basically an assistant manager of a large department store so he may be cooking in the deli one day and writing money orders at the customer service desk the next day.
Humans are primates
Depends on the kids age
Their statement was also inaccurate.
What? 
That is not a wise way to live life. Dont offend people for the sake of offending, but if someone is offended by your thoughts, he can ether argue constructively or it is really his problem. 

I do understand, that this case is special though.
Of corse you wouldn't say that to a person with down syndrome(even if in my experience they wouldn't care)
This is the roughest audio I've ever heard when they told Koko the kitten died, she cried all night.
Fuck that’s awful, how old?
I think you got the numbers mixed up there, she died at 46 :)
[When I'm 64...](https://vimeo.com/10898084)
Nobody even gets the reference? The part wherer the reference was from even popped up on r/all hot today :(
Sorry, any *other* primate.
Anyone under 25.
Yep. Well cats don't live that long either.
Reference? I'm just a terrible person and got a laugh.
Not really
True
Welp i guess you have 1 familyguy episode youll really like and still need to see :p
/\ under 25
Isn't that a male orangutan?
This is Rajang, the zoo's 48-year-old great ape. After the birth, the couple [brought their child back to visit him.](https://i.imgur.com/TdpaPEy.png)
Not gonna lie, thought it was a human booty and ape booty pressing against eachother and was like "wow what a beautiful form of communic- oh shes just pregnant."
At first I thought someone was pressing their ass against the glass
If I rub my big ol' belly against the window I would scare the apes away
That kiss was adorable.
That’s a male.
Shes gunna have to do a lot of explaining to her partner if that baby comes out orange and gangly.
https://imgur.com/a/MbSBCOZ
Does anyone find this a little... weird? Like who thinks, “I’m pregnant so I want to press my stomach on the glass at the zoo and see what happens.”
Am I the only one who thinks the pregnant lady looks like she's 12?
What the fuck is she doing. "Hey I'll just walk up to this ape and shove my bare pregnant stomach up to the window"
Also heartbreaking to see that beautiful creature wanting to connect with that woman but is bound to a cage. Bitter sweet imo
Said it before, ill say it again.
Orangutans are better than people.
This is in Colchester zoo, Essex, UK as I had a similar experience with this animal. 

He was at the back of his cage and I went over to the window and looked at him, and put my hand up on the glass. He walked over to me and put his hand on the glass too, everyone swarmed over to him and he backed off. This is one of the most touching times in my life with an animal. For a split second I felt so terrible for the animal, in that moment. Us as humans are a terrible species and in alot of cases keep these animals captive for our own entertainment
Wonder what would happen if I did that with my beer gut
why does she look like she’s 16
Let’s be real.  It would have done the same thing to a fat guy showing his beer gut.
Reminder that Great apes are our evolutionary brothers.
Watching videos like this just reminds me of how fucked up it is we keep these guys in cages
i loved zoos because you get to meet these animals you'd never get to see otherwise.  

but i hate zoos because these animals are insanely smart, emotional, and not meant to live this way.  

i haven't gone to a zoo in over a decade because they break my heart.
Monkeys and pregnancy are my two biggest fears so this is the opposite of awww for me
I thought that was a bum at first...
On one hand, it's sad that he wants to touch her belly and can't.

On the other hand, orangutans are stupid strong and male ones especially are very temperamental, and he might decide in 5 seconds that he wants to see what's inside.

I remember reading a book by Birute Galdikas (the Jane Goodall of orangutans, interestingly a lot of leading primatologists are female) about her time in Borneo where she studied and rehabilitated orangutans, and they were always really nervous when a male adult wandered into the camp even if it was a former member of their rehabilitation program.

In one horrific incident, a male started raping one of the female human workers, and these guys are really strong. Galdikas remembered punching him in the eyes and throat to get him off but he completely ignored her blows and just went until he finished.

Orangutans are my favorite non-human primate because of the underrated ingenuity and empathy they show, but if you ever see a male you should always steer clear of him, just like any large primate. You can easily tell they're male by the large pouches on the sides of their face. They can break your arm like a twig. I remember once watching footage of a male orangutan tearing up and folding rubber tires like they were made of paper.
This is neat/enlightening and all, but are we just gonna ignore the fact that this woman is pressing her pregnant belly against the glass in what looks to be a public zoo exhibit?

A little strange this idea even came to mind
Orangutan for President in 2020
reflection of the glass with a solid backdrop, bet the animal is just really lonely.
He's hungry! He'd do anything for that baby
I thought it was a butt pressed against the glass.
I feel like based on the facesize and shape it's a male. But I could be wrong
Not gonna lie; At first, in the close up shot her belly looked like a naked ass.
except that orang is male.
That is a male orangutan.
Would you get the same effect if a fat male held his beer gut up?
I still will never agree with having animals locked up like this for the entertainment of humans.  No matter how damn aww.
This orangutan lives at Colchester Zoo and has an obsession with belly buttons lol. Hasn’t got a clue she’s pregnant but he likes looking at belly buttons

Source: have a friend who works with him
Little bit of information;

This is Rajang from Colchester zoo in Essex, U.K.

He's the oldest Orangutan in the Zoo (48).

He LOVES all belly buttons hence why he's looking at the lady's belly and kisses the glass.

He loves Ribena.

He has arthritis in his joints so he can't climb anymore.

He's half Sumatran and half Borneo (by accident) so he had to have a vasectomy so the bloodlines weren't mixed even more.

If you ever get a chance to meet him I highly recommend it, he's so cool!

Source; ex GF used to work there. :)

My old comment on Raj.
Sigh. Just a reminder to everyone that anthropomorphism is not a good thing. It's what teachers little kids to not be afraid of and cautious around wild animals. The vast majority of Reddit submissions similar to this are only due to a chance occurrence in which the animal appears to be exhibiting human like behavior. For example, the one where a small dog was burying it's recently deceased pup. Everyone was so infatuated with how the dog was burying its pup out of "respect". No. Not even close. There are instinctual reasons for that type of behavior, and it has nothing to do with emotion or respect.
That is a male Orangutan.
Having a child is one of the least special things an animal can do.
Too bad that's a male orangutan.
Plot twist: food baby from too many elephant ears
Man. It's pretty sad to see all the animals locked up with no freedom. :(
Seems odd that they are in cages
/u/YourVeganFallacyIs
You think people could make the connection..
Imprisoning species transcends morals.
Spolier alert... He does it to anyone if you put your belly up to the glass! Even a slightly chubby guy like me
Wow, never thought I'd see my local zoo on here, That's Rajang, I've done the keeper experience with him as well, he's so intelligent that they can't give him frozen ice in bottles for fear that he'll know how to smash the glass with it, pretty cool.
That's Rajang!  He lives at Colchester Zoo in the UK.  It was his 50th birthday last week!
why keep such intelligent animals locked up?
Anyone else thought it was two butts against the window at first?
and yet we think it's okay to keep such an intelligent animal in a cage.
Ew, is she 15?
[removed]
What is up with pregnant people being gross as fuck
You’re telling me other species can be mothers too? Deep.
Apes terrify me.
Not bacteria though
Not sure, but isn't that a male orangutan? Becuz of the flat wide face?
Rafiki knows that this one shall one day lead the pride.
And sexes, apparently. That's a male orangutan.
HUNGER TRANSCENDS ALL SPECIES.
I read that as Motorhead and I could not for the life of me figure out how that was related.
probably think shes fat and starin at that belly button
That’s things hand is fucking gigantic!
HE
Ngl I thought that was an ass at first
*Motherhood transcends Family

We're in the same family, Hominidae.

Showed my wife's pregnant belly to a turkey and the turkey was just like "gobble gobble gobble" then looked up and drowned (it was raining).
r/misleadingthumbnails
Is it wrong to like monkeys more than humans? Such innocent creatures.
At first, I thought someone was pressing their butt-cheeks up against the wall.
I thought it was a butt cheek at first. I see you're an ass man yourself, very distinguished taste.
why did she put her pregnant ass belly up on that window in the first place???
That's a big male orangutan. Males are larger and mature males have those flanges on their heads. It's still awesome he is so interested. Male orangutans have no part in child rearing, which is what makes that so facinating.
How old is this vid?
Omg. My heart just melted.
 I got really confused for a second. I thought someone was pulling their pants down.
So do prison walls
I feel really bad about many things right now.
I thought that was an ass at first.
This is amazing. I love the first reaction, immediately knowing that there is a life forming.
Who thought that it was a human's ass and a monkey's ass pressed up against the glass at first glance?
What kinda weirdo shows their pregnant belly to an animal in the zoo?
I THOUGHT SOMEONE WAS MOONING THE ORANGUTAN
I'll admit, at first I thought her stomach looked like a butt and I thought someone was mooning the orangutan.
r/ihavesex

😂
Thought the stomach was a buttcheek
I thought she was giving the orangutan a pressed ham at first
Was I the only one who thought that was someone’s ass and then checked the subreddit and got relieved
That’s not gross at all.
i didnt read the caption and i thought this was a person and a monkey pressing their asses to the glass until they both moved back
I didn’t read the title and thought it was an ass st first 😂
Is he the father?
When I put my belly on the glass, everyone gets weirded out...
Whenever I see zoo animals interacting with human visitors like this I think AWWWW they really understand! Then I get sad that we keep them in cages.
Videos like this make me want to free all animals from zoos.
It’s these moments of total clarity in animals that kinda makes the whole idea of a zoo sad
I’m in tears this is so precious
A gentle giant 💕
If a strange woman did this to you, you'd be cutting her.
I thought that was someone putting their butt to the glass.
I honestly think it's fucked up we have apes and monkeys in captivity.
Except thats a male orangutan.
Saw the gif before reading the title, I tought it was someone putting their butt against the glass...
For a second, I thought it was some guy putting his ass against the glass, and a monkey doing the same.


But then I thought in the next second it was a monkey inspecting some guys ass.


Really took me a while to get what I was seeing.
Oh boy... She's got an adult body with a childish face.
Not gonna lie, totally thought that was a butt
you do the same thing to a republican and they will throw your baby in a concentration camp.
Awww my ass.

This animal can understand pregnancy and show empathy and the humans can't fucking understand that animals don't belong in cages.
That's very, very touching...
Maybe her belly button is just dirty.
This is sad for some reason
Teen mom starting to do crazy shit for ratings.
I am really sad that he is caged and being gawked at - he has no freedom. He can't reach across and interact for human's "safety". I think zoos are inhumane even when don't abuse/starve the animals. Let them live in their natural habitat instead of in our captivity.
We're not going to talk about the fact they are both rangas?
I'm really not a PETA type animal rights person, but it's deeply depressing to me that such an intelligent animal lives in captivity as a showthing for families. It is probably true that their lives are better than in the wild, but it just feels wrong
Plot twist: that orangutang is the father
And we humans caged it.
Definitely read this as “motorhead transcends species”
It's really sad to see that these animals are really similar to us. You can see it in their eyes, they're really clever and selfconcious. It's weird to keep them in cages..
So fucked up that we lock them up like that
Listen, I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again.

I am by no means an animal rights activist, but if these creatures can respond to magic tricks, communicate via sign language, and clearly recognize other species being with child, maybe we should stop putting them in cages.
[deleted]
From what I recently learned about Koko the gorilla, her greatest desire was to have a baby and we only really learned that because she could sign it. It's highly likely captive apes all desperately desire to have babies.

https://www.koko.org/node/1889
That's a male orangutan. 

You can tell by his large facial disc. 

I have no doubt he understands that there is a baby I'm there, but not because he is a mother.
When Cletus gets locked up, and it’s visiting hours....
Orangutans are the sweetest animals.
I visited the Toronto zoo with my kids. My middle son (now 19) was 4 months old. A wee redhead. I stopped at the orangutan exhibit and a mother with an 18month old baby brought hers up to the window. Turns out her 18m old was the same size as my 4m old and also a redhead! 

They were the same size. My mom tried to get a pic, but the glass was glazed out by all the flashes going off.  

Then the orangutan mom decided it was time to breastfeed. 

Yeah, not a bad idea. At the Toronto Zoo orangutan area, at the area we were at (it loops around) there is glass that goes to the ground. We were already sat next to one another. So I breastfed my boy. 

She lost her shit. Clearly she didn't know this was a thing humans also do. It was awesome.
Lol. I thought it was someone's ass at first.
When I first saw it I thought it was her butt against the glass. Way different video if that's the case
That’s a male Orangutan. You can tell by the faceplates.
Quick honey put your naked belly against the glass
But not glass enclosures
I can’t wrap my head around why this is cute.... you have an ape that’s acting out people emotions trapped in cage...
Calm down guys apparently its just a dude orangutan with a belly button fetish
Pretty weird to just whip out your pregnant belly at the zoo right?
Love, love, love!
So damn beautiful.
This is beautiful and sad all at the same time.
The same thing happened to me at the zoo with a chimpanzee. It’s sweet and sad.
I feel sorry for the poor thing, it was wanting to touch the belly so badly.
Plot twist, the lady is obese
The mother looks very young. What part of Alabama is this?
this is stupid....please don't up vote.....just fuckin dumb.
Best kind of primate!
[deleted]
I was expecting the camera to pull back and reveal that it was some hairy fat dude’s beer belly.
Damn that bootyyy..... oh wait
I thought that orangutan was trying to finger someone's b hole.
Ha. The ol’ pressed fruit bowl... oh nm
Jesus they are HUGE
That's a male
That regular camera-person was totally not ready for the kiss.
If I had gold to give I'd give you gold
This is a lot better then seeing an orangutan fighting a dozer.
That ape has huge hands
I love animals so fucking much.
Does anyone have a link to the gif of the other one like this, but the mom has the newborn on her chest and the gorilla or ape (I can't remember exactly) is looking at the baby through the glass?
That is fucking beautiful.
That's a male though.
That’s a male...
What would honestly happen of she was in there with that ape?  Is that species of ape non aggressive?  Would be cool to see if so.
My heart is melting
Apes are too smart too be in zoos man. This kinda makes it feel bad, cute video though.
That orangutan’s hand is huuuuuuuggeeee
Why is that woman mooning the gorilla?
It’s the reincarnation of Tarzan
I had no idea what I was looking at until it zoomed out.
Two worlds, one family
That's amazing.
Does any one else find this really sad?
My heart 😫
protecc
i almost cried omg
That’s gotta be a male orangutan with those cheek pads.
The baby daddy
Them little kisses
reposts transcend life itself
Well, that's a male orangutan. So I doubt it's thinking about motherhood that much.


He might understand the concept of being pregnant, though. He certainly does seem quite fascinated by her stomach. But then again, he might just never have seen a human stomach bulging out like that and is trying to figure out if it's real.
What if the gorilla punched through the glass LOL
Animals are so pure.. they’re the best ❤️
That's a male orangutan though.
Motherhood ?? The ape is a male?
God something about this just melts my cold, dead heart. Excuse me. Allergies...
What caused this beautiful, kind, and gentle creature to evolve with the face of a toilet seat?
I didn’t know baboons have an ass on their face wtf
Better crossplatform compatibility than pubg
First of all thats a male and second why is she smudging the glass.
Plot twist: it's a dude with a beer bel... Oh it showed the actual person.
/r/likeus
BRB. Taking my pregnant self to the zoo...
Thanks for not being that guy and the info. It’s adorable to see, too.
M
“You have some little great apes in there don’t ya, good luck with that.”
“You have some little great apes in there don’t ya, good luck with that.”
So cute 
What is the kind of this ??
It’s so sweet I can’t stand it.
Better leave ot in a prison
lol I was very confused at first and thought that was someone's butt.
So, I saw that this is a male and he just likes looking at women's bellybuttons, for whatever reason.

Interesting behavior nonetheless.
He probably thinks it's a watermelon he could break open for sweet sweet fruit.
I originally thought it was a breast pressing up against the glass and that the orangutan was much smaller and trying to nurse.


A mixture of r/confusingperspective and me just plain ol' not usin' my noggin'.
It looked like the orangutan was fingering someone in the ass.
Just yesterday I saw a clip of a baboon preying on an impala fawn to drink the milk from it's stomach he had nursed. I wonder what would really happen if there wasn't any glass between them
How much bananas did you have.
Aww they're just as sweet as the ones depicted from the latest Apes movie ❤️
Omg that little kiss... so sweet.
Cuteness aside, that’s a pretty weird title.
i thought that a bum was pressed against that glass at first
So sad the poor orangutan is only touching glass when it’s just trying to spread love.
Aww. It knows that there's an unborn life in there.
Sure was nice having orangutangs whilethey were here
That's a really weird thing to do.
I’m going to put my stomach randomly up to every animal exhibit at the zoo. Now I’m curious.
Maurice always had a gentle personality
Eww! What’s wrong with that woman’s stomach? I know absolutely nothing about female anatomy but I know that’s not natural
...or it's just like "huh, this one looks wierd. What's up with that?"
Orangutans are the only primates that don’t scare me. I guess they just seem so gentle (even though I’m sure one could rip me apart without much effort).
First I thought this was a butt, and I laughed. Then it was a baby belly and I melted. This is beautiful.
Okay so at first I thought someone was mooning the primate?
I read once that because orangutan have longer time spans between mating seasons, they're one of the least aggressive and most matronly of primate species.
That’s precious
i thought that was an ass for a sec
what would actually happen if there wasn't glass between them?
History will judge us for putting animals in cages to be gawked at
Fascinating
My process went goatsee, then butternut, followed by a very pondering WTF for ..a lil bit. Then relief
Not gonna lie, thought that was an ass cheek for a sec.
That’s the cutest fucking thing I’ve seen all day
Does she do this at every exhibit?
So cute.
This video makes me sad somehow. Like for the orangutan's tempered reality.
Even orangutans like white girls.
Amazing!
Did she just all of a sudden decide to lift up her shirt and put her belly against the window?
Look at how emotionally intelligent the caged beast is.
Is it weird I just said awww out loud then looked at the subreddit heading and felt self-conscious like I thought someone was going to judge me.
I thought that was a butt at first
That's one of the most adorable things I've ever seen.
This is neat.
That kid is going to be the next Steve Irwin
Oh my god, when the orangutan kissed the glass... my heart.
"Can i eat that thing?" 

\*tries to taste it\*  
" Ah damn, there's a window "
The baby bump kiss might be the cutest thing I've ever seen.
At first I thought that a guy was mooning the orangutan
A couple of redheads
The new Monkey King has been chosen
Pregnant women all over the world are heading to the zoo to try this
I believe this guy is at Colchester Zoo and he just loves a belly button in general.
thought that was an ass for a sec ngl
Never realized how big male orangutans are
hes like, "yeah sure ill eat that for you"
Just making sure he isn’t on the hook.
Oh my god. How sweet. Melts the heart.
“...And now he shall be born with the spirit of Harambe”
am i the only one that thought someone was mooning the monkey?
That baby is going to be like Eliza Thornberry now
Did anyone else notice the pregnant child?
"Hello little fella! Are you trapped inside there just like I am here?"
For a moment I thought someone was making that poor ape sniff a butt
wondrous is the world, to those whose eyes still see
He is thinking, damn she needs to stop drinking.
I just almost cried for real. This is the sweetest clip I've seen in ages
She looks so young I was startled at first
I think you could trust one of their species enough to visit an enclosure.
Truly amazing
So planet of the apes was accurate? Are these very smart? They look smart but compared to others are they smarter?
deadass thought that was someone's ass against the glass at first
Reddit has my mind so warped at first I thought that was somebody showing his ass to the orangutan lol
That’s actually really interesting
What's the reason why orang utans have so much extra face?
/r/bettereveryloop
I really thought that was a butt for like the first 5 seconds
That's a male ape lmao
Wow.
baby is coming out for the monkey,guess a boy or a girl.
It wants to eat your baby
That kiss was everything and now I’m crying ;-;
At first I thought it was someone putting their ass on the glass lol
At first I thought it was the chicks ass pressed against the glass, mooning the Orangutan.
poor ape in prison
* Slight problem . . . that's a MALE orangutan
People should stop going to zoos with small enclosures. Like the shit should be huge. Why cant we get that trending on Twitter? Everyone on social media loves animals
And he gets to be in a cage
Unrelated question.. whats the benefit of the great ape's side poofs on his/her head?
Reposts transcend original content
Il never forget visiting sepilok in Borneo and seeing an orangutan use makeshift leaves as an umbrella as it started raining, such beautiful and clever creatures.
@Harambe
Doesn't seem all that interested
aint that a male?
Some asshole had a flash photo!
I thought this was an ass and he was trying to throw THEIR poop.
Took me too long to realize that was a belly and not a butt.
That's a male...
A few years ago I went to the zoo shortly after having a baby. I saw a very pregnant gorilla walking around holding her stomach just the way I did when super pregnant. I was moved but felt guilty about gawking at a species so similar to ours. It felt...invasive.
That's a male.
My first thought was the orangutan looked like he was wearing a toilet seat on his head...
All right where is the animal expert that has come to ruin this by explaining what's going on
Tell that to all the animals that eat their young.
Oh my god 😲
Dude is like, fresh meat.
Wow
Orangutans are very gentle. Right, Maurice?
wtf is this girl like 16?
[Motherhood truly does!](https://youtu.be/ugi4x8kZJzk)
r/likeus
No it doesn’t.
So serious question- does the orangutan know that she is pregnant? If so, how?
First post on here that's ever made me go "aww"
No shit Sherlock, that's how different species have all survived for millions of years
# Wonderful and beautiful I loved it, Some parents in this world need to watch this video to learn from the animal how to be a human reaction .
I thought someone was mooning the monkey.
They should do this again with a guy with a huge gut as a control.
and we keep them in cages
This made a lot more sense when I thought it was a booty pressed against the window...
Just by looking at her face I could tell she's british
This made me tear up with joy. Sigh thank you
A while back a gorilla was taught how to breastfeed by watching a bunch of human moms breastfeed.
I don’t know what’s wrong with me, but this made me tear up........such compassion. Bless that big guy
Reminds me of Maurice in the Planet of the Apes reboot.
I totally thought that was a butt at first
Wow it’s a shame we keep them in cages
The world needs more stuff like this
For a second, I thought it was a woman mooning the orangutan
❤️❤️❤️🤧😭😭😭😭😭
god.. I need sleep. I read that as Motherboard transcends species..
All primates understand it. Especially our closest cousins. We are so connected yet so different yet so insanely similar.
All animals deserve respect and love.
That's just damn adorable
thats is pretty incredible! Thank you for sharing.
I’ve never realized how big orangutans are. That’s a fucking big ape.
Animals are so much more benevolent than we give them credit for
Beautiful
It may transcend species but not glass ...
Amazing
That's good
Aw
Kisses
NH
Apes are so much cooler than most monkeys. Apes are actually super underrated always living in the monkeys shadow. Don't get me wrong, they're both amazing species but I'd rather have an ape than a monkey any day.
If only we could show them the same kindness and respect.
This is very sweet but also...a bit weird
this is insane
I thought the orangutan was staring at someone’s ass
I thought it someone’s ass at first.
We’re not worthy
Kid grows up to be a logger.
great!
Thought it was her butt against the glass at first.
I can’t be the only one that thought it was somebody’s ass pressed up against the window? Haha
I thought they were both touching their butts to the glass.
It makes me sad that such intelligent animals are locked away in a zoo..... Then I think well he would probably be killed in the wild so this is probably better. Man we suck
Two apes looking at each other through glass.
Thought she was showing her ass
Thats so sweet.
Damn thought it was the booty
the baby has been blessed!
So much smarter than we even know, and practically gone.  I’m no fun tonight.
legitimately thought this was 2 asses pressed up on glass for 5 seconds.
What a great post, i love these kind of videos.
如果猩猩发现了隔着玻璃会怎样
Awww another palm oil consumer. Great.
That's actually a male cause of the face flanges
I thought it was a butt!
He wants to taste the baby! That's so cute!
Its a real shame that empathy doesn't.
I though that was someones ass for a second
That is sweet! 💕
That is very much a male.
"Cool, well, I'm going home. Bye."

"When can I go home?"
I read it as "Motherboard" and was wondering how is it related.
Thought that was an ass at first.
What a sweetheart!
Excellent telepathy,
Aww tender lil smooch there
When my wife was pregnant it was amazing to see how all of our parents dogs would behave very differently and protective of her

Way before the belly got huge too...
r/NatureIsFuckingLit
Real cute. Go get in the cage and see how cute it is to hang out with an animal that could literally tear off your limbs.
Aren't they the same species?
Thought that was a bottom.
Orangutans are such amasing creatures, so gentle and kind but their homes are being destroyed at an alarming rate. Don't buy palm oil products guys.
That girl looks 13
Yet, one is in a cage and the other isn’t :/

Don’t know if this is a sanctuary tho, but it doesn’t look like it
That's gross.
I feel bad for him. There's 104,700 of them left. Crazy how much we have destroyed all of our competitors and put a strain on this planet.
That was behind the glass right? Just making sure...
Sacrafice the baby for its hunger!
"Pregnant women are smug. Everyone knows it, nobody says it, because they are pregnant."
That is the sweetest thing I've seen today ^_^
No, that’s not mine
Those hands are huge!!
Shame it doesn’t transcend glass barriers.
Some orangutans seem to have more "human" feelings than many homo sapiens around. Gave me feels.
Before the zoom out shot, i thought it was an ass. Lolol
Who fucking cares scientist its so wholesome
Apart from sharks, they’ll just eat you
For the first few seconds of the video,I thought someone showed his butt to the ape.
At first glance I thought it was a butt pressed up against the window
I imagined the orangutan was thinking “wow I wish I could touch that human’s tumour it looks so weird!!” I
Thought it was someone’s ass
I first thought she was letting him smell her ass
I seriously thought that was a butt
I though it was her ass...
What's the name of that animal?
I thought that was a butt until I saw the comments
"Watermelon... Must... Crack... Open!"
IM PREGNANT
As a rather hulking man, I even found myself uttering out loud... "dawwwww look at that."
So sweet!
Not when the Mother is a cow and Humans Take her Baby away after 24-48 hours to steal her Milk :)
I mean.. she is quite orange herself..
Does anyone else feel sad for the ape
I thought that was a butt...
I’m not pregnant but when he kissed her tummy I might have teared up a little.
Gross
She is the protector of child
I'd like to see a guy with a beer belly do this and see if it has the same reaction.
I tried this but the gorilla just made fun of my fat hairy stomach.
you mean pregnancy fetishes transcend species
That kiss... So sweet...
Donkeys aren't monkeys!
Orangutang puckers up puts lips on window like it would if you stuck your head on it, people stupidly think oh shit he knowwws.
I can't wait to eat that baby. *kiss*
For some reason I read this as "motorhead" and not Motherhood".  I was ready for them to be rocking out together.
God damnit people that monster was trying to eat that baby!
The title confused me for a second.  I thought those were both butts.
Pretty sure he thought that was an ass... At least I did.
Imagine how funny it would be if he just wants to eat her belly
I know this will probably get lost in the comments but sometimes when I'm home alone I like to go out in the garden and cover myself with dirt and pretend I'm a carrot.
Disgusting..
I want to see the video in a couple months time when they go back and the orangutan recognises the mum and fawns over the baby.
How safe would it be if she went into the enclosure?
This woman has got to be like 12 months pregnant
It’s incredible how much our evolutionary cousins understand and empathize with us. There is an alpha Silverback at our local zoo that gets really concerned anytime a young human cries and will look at the adults closest to it then look at the crying human like saying “hello, do something”
Psuedo-intellectual  "SO DEEP AND SAD AND DEEP AND INSPIRING AND SAD AND MOVING" 14 year old analysis in this thread.

It's a male ape who likes belly buttons. Nothing more. Move along and stop anthropomorphising animals.
Is it bad that I initially thought the mothers belly was someone's bare ass pressed up against the glass?
Kalima! Kalima!
Totally thought the person was mooning. Akward
Im sure orangutans and humans look similar when they are pregnant so its like the orangutan understood. Kind of cool.
After watching that, how can you ever justify keeping these animals in cages?
I thought he was trying to eat booty and then I saw the subreddit....
That's a lil dangerous would if he punched the glass anyway cute
I literally thought someone’s butt was pushed up against the glass
I’m gonna be honest. At first I thought that was a gorilla and a Human putting their asses on the glass.
And here I was, thinking at first it was a gorilla's nutsack pressed against the glass, and the other side was someones bare ass cheek.
I first thought someone had their bare ass facing the orangutan.
I thought that was a butt cheek for sec lol
I deadass thought that was a big tiddy
I for sure thought that was a human ass against the glass
i’m sorry but i thought someone was mooning the glass
No matter what it is, I always feel bad for animals in a zoo.
"I want to eat your baby!"
Primates are pretty damn intelligent, probably more so than a goon like myself.   Very cool
I scrolled by this quickly and I thought that was an ass
This made me happy ❤
Monkeys and apes are very social animals and have some very complex and eerily human emotions for animals. He understands she is holding a new life and wants to nurture that life. It’s amazing how much many animals understand and relate to other species! When my brother and I were little, our shi tzu really watched over us!
I thought I was looking at a big black ass up against the glass at first...turned out to be a monkey
So basically... stop keeping primates and many other animals in cages?
Apes are so smart it's terrifying. I love zoos and they have come a long way, but it makes me wonder if animals like this should be in captivity.
This is the saddest, most beautiful thing.
Not going to lie here. Absolutely thought it was an ass pressed up against the glass.
No such thing as male or female anymore.
Oh when she presses her stomach against the monkey cage it's "cute", but when I do it I'm "drunk". Damn double standards.
I didn't read the title and thought that someone was putting their ass on the glass for the orangutan
What makes people think to do stuff like this? I really don’t understand.
I thought this person was mooning it then it tried to finger the ass....
What we want to think: “aww he knows she’s pregnant and is happy for her!”

What he is actually thinking: “wtf that is a round belly.”
I tought it was her butt. .
This is nice and all... But we not gonna question what led to her pulling up her shirt and showing it to an orangutan? This is very sweet, but weird...
I  thought that was their butts and the Orangutan was trying to.... do something with his finger. It zoomed out and I feel a bit disgusted by myself..
Please end zoos. Our entertainment is their hell. Remember that.
[deleted]
Gross. Stop reproducing, the world doesn’t need more people or idiocy.

https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.thesun.co.uk/tech/4046838/the-west-is-getting-dumber-because-clever-people-arent-having-kids-shock-research-claims/amp/
Preggers women are gross
We are asshole for keeping these animals caged.
Wow that orange orangutan showing more compassion than the orange orangutan who is President
This only makes me sadder that we imprison these highly intelligent animals in zoos
Is this girl like 16? She looks like a high schooler, so like, she def shouldn't be pregnant if she is
They should not be in a cage.
Fuck zoos.
yo i thought i was looking at her butt LOL
white people do weird things man
Here we go attributing human emotions and characteristics to animals. Yay.
The fuck kinda of trash just lets their preggers hang out in the open like that?
Doesn't transcend political party, though.
[deleted]
I’m 38.5 weeks pregnant and this just made me cry fat ugly tears.
That human is 14 years old
Parenthood... Fathers feel too :'(
As a child this would have been so amazing, as someone who now realizes how “great” of a place the zoo is makes it difficult to appreciate them anymore :(
She’s just hungry and wants to eat the fetus
They shouldn't be caged unless it's for protection and repopulation purposes. My opinion, we need them more than they could ever need us
[deleted]
Sweetest video ever
That is so heartwarmingly beautiful.
Aww. What a gentle moment.
It’s Maurice!
How many of you people thaught its a butt?
Is there an ape specialist in here that can comfirm the orangutan understands the woman is pregnant....please don't break my heart.
Ew gross
i'm ashamed i thought someone was rubbing their buttcheeks against the glass for way too long
And what was that post from earlier today about you can't be a feminist if you aren't vegan? I wonder if this would change some people's minds.
I'm not the only one who thought her belly was a buttcheek at first, right?
I seriously thought someone was putting their bare ass up to the glass.
"Mmmm, food."
Sure but when I do it at Starbucks I'm a weirdo
So from the caption and the angle I though she was pressing a child's butt against the glass. I'm an idiot
At first I thought  it was a butt cheek.
i thought that was a big ol booty for a second.
thought it was ass.. also read the title as "manhood" wow fail
He just sayin' "God damn, what did you eat?" "you better get that looked at"
This makes me sad. I just feel like we should be closer as a species. So much lost potential.
Male or not,  that's awesome. Amazing how an "animal" noticed beauty and life and recognized it while we still don't as a race.
I would bet my left nut that girl is from the UK. Such a distinctive look!

Anyone know?
_Now let me out of this cage._
Gross
It's amazing, and while the Orangutan clearly recognizes the pregnancy visually, I'm sure (maybe not through the glass) it could also smell the hormones and whatever other "pregnancy chemicals" in the woman's body.
/r/Preggoporn

Because this post hit all, and there’s *someone* out there that this is going to awaken something in.
What is she, like 16 years old? 👎
I was waiting for the orangutan to punch through the glass, and rip the woman's unborn fetus from her belly.
This makes me sad that these intelligent animals are massacred daily and their own children torn from their hands while they cry out in despair. 

Fuck... and then this one is stuck in a jail for its life. Omg. We’re a fucked up species.
God damn zoo's have to be the saddest place next to sea world.

Humans suck.
I'm not trying to be pushy, but I see a common theme in the comments where people are lamenting the captivity of this animal, which is 100 percent a reasonable thing to think

Should we not also apply this to the millions of animals we keep in cages and confined spaces, that are mistreated on a constant basis before being killed for our food purposes?

Why put this creature on a level higher than let's say, a pig, who have been found to be (on average) smarter than dogs, and who show great emotional intelligence as well.

Why do we value the life of one creature over another?
What gives us the right to decide which animals get pet treatment and which get treated like a lifeless commodity?

Don't all animals deserve a full and happy life?

Just some food for thought.
Aw he kissed her belly <3
Woah, that kiss is really beautiful
Beautiful 💙
He probably wants to eat it
Wow, tears.
Sad
Unless you're a feminist.
I thought this was someone's ass and the orangutan was trying to put his finger in the poop chute tube the whole time. I really had to watch it 3 times before I could tell it was a pregnant belly.. I was thinking "who does this sick twisted shit?"
I remember one vid where a boy fell into the ape exhibit and the ape protected the boy. 


At least that was the initial thought. Turns out they were just toying with the kid and would have probably torn him to shreds.
[deleted]
We don't deserve this Earth.
Damn. We really are animals.


Not human beings that are sons of god.


But pure animals.
Beautiful
This is so fucking amazing to me. I guess we don't know but like that App certainly knows and seemingly is appreciating this woman being pregnant. Shit makes my heart melt. We're all living beings.
Shit like this makes me wish we didn't keep a lot of animals in zoos. I suppose some animals aren't suited to go back to the wild anymore but it still bums me out.
probably shouldnt be keeping them locked up, makes it sorta sad although they may also be protected in there
I think it’s sad and wrong to keep great apes in cages unless there’s something really wrong with them :/
I am thinking how cruel humans are,if the positions of both animals were opposite?
"Imma eat that melon."
It probably thinks it's a melon and wants to tear it open and eat it.
Glad the father got to spend some time with the unborn child
So yeah, let's keep these intelligent cousins of ours behind plexiglass and pay money to stare at them. When are we gonna stop this? And yes, let's stop with the zoos educate kids about wildlife bullsit.
I feel so bad for these incredibly intelligent creatures being locked up.
"yup. a man is going to pay for my entire life now because of this trick ;D teach it your species"
I hope she realizes that that glass is probably designed to only withstand the *average* force of impact *on record* by such an ape (+10% or so). It's a cost/benefit thing. Just like they could make them bullet-proof if they wanted (but they aren't). [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSxqTA-QgqE) a gorilla that wasn't even really trying.
[removed]
>black man tries to grope pregnant white woman
My first thought too lol. That's a flanged male! Still very sweet because they seem to understand the woman is pregnant. :)
Yes this is Rajang from Colchester Zoo, England. His fascination has nothing to do with her being pregnant- he just loves belly buttons (likes women’s over men’s). Also enjoys bruises, tattoos and loves a good cut or graze. He's also partial to elbows and knobbly knees. 

Source: his zoo keeper’s response in a fb group I’m part of
I’m pretty sure it is.
What dad’s can’t appreciate a baby in the womb??
Motherhood transcends genders?
i thought someone was pressing their ass against the glass at first..

i probably should have read the title before clicking
Yes
How do you think she became pregnant?
Yes
Plot twist: It's the father of the baby.
And he's into human prego-porn.     Kinky.
So ? Maybe he's the father. ^^^^/s
Could be the father
yup
Lol, came here to point that out
Oh thank god. I was sure this was going to become a whole thing for Jordan Peterson.
Obviously, she didn't bang a female orangutan and get pregnant..........
He’s trying to make sure he isn’t the father
Planet of the apes knows when its time to rule the world
Looks to be
What are the differences between male and female?
That's a rude way to call a baby.
Alpha male chimpanzees have been shown to provide more compassion than any other rank of chimpanzee. I know these are different species but maybe it’s connected?
Welp, then I guess he's trying to figure out how to abort the pregnancy to bring the female back into estrus.
He looks so much less interested lol
Furious rajang.
Lmaooo aww that baby is just one blob
He actually just turned 50 last week.
"Umm yeaaaa...that's not mine. Okay"
Fuck Rajang, he always triple carts me
“Come on Sharon. I don’t wanna see your man cub, show me that sexy belly button of yours!”
Is that a weird angle or were they allowed inside with him?
What a fat baby <3
“Dayummm that baby ugly...”
r/unexpectedmonsterhunter
HOW HAS NO ONE COMMENTED ON THAT BABY'S PERFECT SPOCK HAND?!?! LIVE LONG AND PROSPER, LITTLE ONE!
"I didn't give a a fuck that you were pregnant..." 
-Rajang
Rajang? A moment of silence for monster hunter players who had to fight him.
If he starts glowing gold and shooting electricity then run
This is my local zoo, Colchester Zoo, England.
That's one ugly larvae
wait, they named their great ape after one of the most scary demonic MH monsters in the monster hunter franchise?!


why?
Indianapolis zoo?
Rajang, you are not the father!
I see the resemblance
I thought the flesh was a .. butt 🤣
We finna have a baby Sharon. Omg I’m gonna be a daddy!
The hell does this ape have against Vulcans?
They look related...
And named the child Rajang
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son!
That baby's acting a little like [Spock](https://www.deilataylor.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Spock_performing_Vulcan_salute-e1383761091383.jpg)
Either that ape is smaller than I originally thought or that baby is huge.
Live long and prosper, yo.
He was actually fifty this week. He had a party. They gave him a sandbox and gibtipped it out. Rajang's doesn't give af that this girl is pregnant btw, he just loves belly buttons. He has done this with me on several occasions and I am most decidedly unpregnant.
"That baby is breathtaking"   

- Rajang the great ape
Probably would look at a watermelon the same..
Why is the baby Vulcan?
Apes are people. They're not human, but they're people.
He's smart enough to understand all this..but not smart enough to understand he's in a cage? :/
Thank christ I wasn't the only one
Thanks for not lying.
Missed the first few frames where the navel was visible.  Thought it was a titty.
))<>(( forever
Pooping back and forth forever
Same!
Was pretty disappointed when I realized it was just a baby belly. Was really hoping for some monkey human ass to ass action.....
This is exactly what I though as well..
I was looking for someone who thought this also hahaha!!
This is the worst version of blue / gold dress.  My 7 year old just walked in and said "why is that person putting their butt on the gorilla's glass"

EDIT:: I asked my wife what she thought it was and she said "butts?" she thought it was gorilla human ass2ass.
I wasn’t going to say it out loud so thank you for that.
[deleted]
I thought the ape was checking her asshole for worms.
Definitely thought that was a dad butt
Pregnancy AKA Front-ass
This is how preggo fetishes start
I thought it said “manhood” for whatever reason and therefore i thought it was to males pressing their asses up against the glass.
i was thinking that until the camera panned out.
Hahahahaha, I thought the same thing!
I thought its mom was going to shove him away from the booty and thrn realized it's 2 moms bonding over pregnancy and my mind is filthy
I can't unsee that now, Lol.
Same
I'm not the only one! Def thought a bro was mooning the ape.
I'm laughing so much someone needs to do this now
Yep. Thought it was some big ass contact.
I went from bursting out laughing thinking it was a butt - to instant disappointment it was just a pregnant belly - to dying of laughter reading this comment knowing I wasn’t the only one.
Watching it again now with this in mind makes it hilarious.
Seeing the title first and scanning the picture, I thought she was breastfeeding the ape.  I had so many questions race through my head.  They all started with either WTF or HTF.
Hate to admit that was the reason I clicked on this post 😕
I can’t unsee it now
Lmao I thought it was her ass too.
Yep same here. Looked like a bare ass pressed up against the glass at first.
We're spoiled brats mate. Cheers!
Came to say that
Samsies.
Lmao I thought that as well. What a bummer.
i thought it was a titty
Me toooooo
Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth...
I got excited for a second.
Saaame 😂😂😂
What a dumbass.
Name checks out

..so did I
r/unexpectedconchords
Brown eye, to brown eye stare down
This post would've been a lot better if the title was "Motherhood transcends species" and then the video was just 30 seconds of someone pressing their naked butt cheeks against the glass of the orangutan cage.
Requiem for a dream status, ass to ass.
Thought I was the only one. Thank goodness I’m not.
I can't upvote because I don't want to mess up the points. Sorry. 
https://i.imgur.com/ztDxkNd.jpg
Actually, according to his keeper, he would still probably be pretty interested. This particular ape has a thing for belly buttons.
I really don’t want to be that guy but who’s to say the Orangutan wouldn’t have the same reaction to literally anything pressed against the window.

When we see the orangutan puts its lips up to the glass and give what looks like a kiss we picture that as a sign of affection *because that’s what humans do*

Orangutans don’t kiss, humans do. It’s so easy to personify behaviors of animals without realizing it.


Another common example of this is seen on /r/aww all the time. People think that their dog is expressing happiness by smiling https://i.redd.it/eexqyv1x19k01.jpg


Remember, I’m  not saying that animals can’t express emotions, I’m just trying to point out that we need to remember to not project anthropomorphic characteristics to nonhuman things when studying them.

This orangutan could very much so know the lady is pregnant, I think it would be fun to come up with a study to test the hypothesis:)
How about the guy that missed the picture of it. You see his flash go off after the kiss is done.
No, it’s clearly a pregnant woman
How do you know? Are there facial features specific to males / females?
lmao fucking reddit man
Males are capable of affection too.
Maybe I’m dumb but I’m not understanding why that is noteworthy, the ape is obviously affectionate and aware of the pregnancy regardless of his gender?
Even if it is, he obviously understands what it means. It's the male's job to protect and care for the pregnant woman, and that's what he instinctively wants to do. It sweet :)
And?
Orangugangly
Not if her partner is Jeremy Clarkson.
I mean she could do worse than Jeremy Clarkson. Certainly better too but still.
Ironically enough my buddy said something similar when she joked that he might not be the daddy.
Would he be an oranguman or a humangutan?
This is really sweet!
This is Patrick.
This is precious
I'm uncomfortable
This is lovely 💕
Baby’s already got good hair
It’s very.... generous
This is dog
If your drawing is every colourized I hope the baby is also orange
Look like he tryna suck the baby out through the belly button
Super creepy
This was my thought exactly. I went to the zoo when I was pregnant and never had the urge to flash my belly to the animals.
The gorilla (or whatever it’s species is lol) probably was doing that prior to her lifting her shirt......which is probably why she lifted her shirt.
Yeah really fucking weird tbh
Yes, dude. Put your fuckin' stomach away.
This disturbs me me out so much, but I also hate monkeys/apes (they just seriously weird me out).
I’m surprised it took this far down the thread to see someone else say this.
Holy shit I thought I was the only one
She looks 5 to me
It's England, she's probably 16.
Ikr people are so fucking weird nowadays. To think someone paid money to praise this person and 50,000 people upvoted this.
Well it worked, didn't it?
I went to the zoo recently, and one of the cougars was pacing back and forth nonstop. Came back two hours later and it was still pacing in the exact same groove.

I used to love seeing the animals as a kid, but now, seeing them in small cages makes me kinda sad
After seeing gorillas once in a glass enclosure at our local zoo, I couldn’t go anymore. It felt so awful.
That beautiful creature might also rip that man to shreds and play with her intestines if not bound to the cage. Sweet moments are sometimes a bit on the fleeting side for animals that have a 400 to 1 strength advantage.
That orangutan is probably given exceptional enrichment and a healthy diet, plenty of exercise, and lots of stimulation. Zoos HELP animals.
Man, that’s so true. So hard to believe we put a creature that’s this aware in a cage to stare at it.
I really don’t want to be that guy but who’s to say the Orangutan wouldn’t have the same reaction to literally anything pressed against the window.

When we see the orangutan puts its lips up to the glass and give what looks like a kiss we picture that as a sign of affection *because that’s what humans do*

Orangutans don’t kiss, humans do. It’s so easy to personify behaviors of animals without realizing it.


Another common example of this is seen on /r/aww all the time. People think that their dog is expressing happiness by smiling https://i.redd.it/eexqyv1x19k01.jpg


Remember, I’m  not saying that animals can’t express emotions, I’m just trying to point out that we need to remember to not project anthropomorphic characteristics to nonhuman things when studying them.

This orangutan could very much so know the lady is pregnant, I think it would be fun to come up with a study to test the hypothesis:)
This made me cry a little bit. This beautiful creature can understand the meaning of being pregnant and show such love and compassion towards her, all while being captive in a small glass box. She/he has a more beautiful soul than most people.
That creature would tear the woman to fucking shreds if there wasn't a barrier...
I had to scroll down too far for the comments about how sad this actually is
Ah here it is. Every time something taken at a zoo is posted PETA come out in full force.
Ah, I see you've also been to /r9k/
Does that come up often in conversation for you? I mean, I don't disagree, but I don't know that I've ever *said* it out loud.
"The more I learn about people, the more I like my orangutan."

-Mark Twain

P. S. I may have paraphrased.
Reindeers are better than people
Bigger too
Definitely better librarians
Edgar Allen Poe would disagree.
Orangutans are rapists
Bullshit and not true. Any other intelligent animal can only be said to be "better than humans" because they don't have any real moral rules by which they abide; hold them to human standards and they are evil psychopaths.
Agreed. We should let her into the enclosure so he can do it properly. *flashback to Harambe* On second thought, maybe not.
You'd be chased away by the dominant male with that soft personality of yours, either you'll die alone in the forest or other orangutans would team up to kill you, they fight really often for stupid reasons. But sure, orangutans are better than  people who work together as a society to keep your ass warm and safe so you can sit on your computer talking shit.
In what sense of the word? Because I'm pretty sure Orangutans didn't invent Mcdonald's french fries. Ever think about that?
And mountain gorillas!
True.

They don't put humans in to zoos.

People on the other hand...
Orangutans and gorillas are absolutely amazing treasures. I end up crying every time I go to the primate enclosure at my local zoo. They’re so majestic and intelligent. It feels wrong to keep them in zoos but I love being able to see them interact and play.
Exactly. Who put who in a cage.
The same thing probably. This male orangutan loves belly buttons according to this sub.
It's a male
Wow, what an original and insightful comment.
"But muh education on species conservation. This animal is a proud ambassador for other animals."
Agreed. Great apes should have some limited form of human rights, considering they can use sign language and exhibit more intelligence than human children.
It's a controversial topic whether other great apes should be kept in captivity due to their high levels of sapience. Given their endangered status in the wild, however, captive populations can ensure a genetic backup.

That being said, zoos nowadays are better than ever for these apes; keepers work hard to fulfill the nutritional, stimulative, and medical needs of each and every individual.

There's a reason even Jane Goodall was in full-fledged support for zoos.
Hmm I know what you mean, but honestly, if an animal can live its life in captivity and yet thousands of people can watch it in awe, maybe for the first time, maybe getting inspired to work with animals or become scientists... I think that animal has a pretty fulfilling purpose. Even if they aren’t aware.

Plus, animals live a whole lot longer in captivity. But I see your point! It’s not their nature (though they might enjoy square meals every day and the lack of predatory threats)
Same. Growing up, I wanted to be a whale trainer.....badly. With every ounce of my being, this was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life...swim with the whales. Then I grew up and realized I couldn’t. I didn’t have the heart to condone captivity. Reguardless, I went through a very long, emotional grieving process if you will, because this was absolutely my dream since I can remember. Letting that dream go took a lot out of me, and made me question humanity as well. It was very difficult for me. I still feel sadness when I think about it. I can’t put into words how badly I wanted to do this. I don’t think I’ve ever been the same since having to actively make the decision of not following my dream. It took a very big toll on myself.  I was crushed , to say the least. Devastated.
Same. We really need to shut down zoos. We can watch nature documentaries instead.
Monkeys creep me out - the smaller ones are ok and can be cute, but the big ones just...no.
I've read that book too, now I'm kinda scared of big monkeys. I still want them to have the best life and wish we would do more to protect them from extinction and being hurt, they still give me the creeps though.
I was going to make a joke about already having one, but I realized that would be insulting to actual orangutans
I want my baby back baby back ribs!!!
Nope you are correct. The cheek flanges are only present in the dominant male orangutan in the area, that's the theory anyway. Most males do eventually grow them, it just depends on their social environment
Yup. It's still cute and orangutans are amazing animals, but Rajang just likes belly buttons.
You must be really fun at parties
Right...because animals have no emotions.
I feel like throwing up whenever someone mentions that giving birth is a special thing. 

Yeah, so special that 50% of the whole animal kingdom can do.
So?
They can't and they will refuse to. It's so annoying how even after you read a title that actually makes it so easy to make the connection, these fuckers can't see it.
Reported you for racism.
I'm pretty sure you're right.  Only males have those facial structures.
? How can u tell
Yeah, I did too.
Most zoos are actually vital to the conservation of animals. It's mostly a lie spun by PETA - the same PETA that condones euthanising pets because domestication is wrong, remember - and those types that slander them.
Most zoos are actually vital to the conservation of animals. It's mostly a lie spun by PETA - the same PETA that condones euthanising pets because domestication is wrong, remember - and those types that slander them.
Omg I lol'd
Please stop bashing Zoos. Zoos are one of the few things that have saved animals from going extinct. While some zoos are bad, a majority are good and love animals and want to preserve them and teach people about animals. Most zoos and aquariums are monitored under the AZA (Association of Zoos and Aquariums) who monitor for animal welfare and care. 

So please don’t instantly hate all zoos. Zoos are valuable resources to help keep animals alive and cared for and to show people the beauty of these creatures.
Does it actually though? It’s possible that it’s just never seen this before and was curious.
I agree. This didn't make me "aww", it just made me sad. 

Animals can't even live freely in the wild anymore because humans ruin their habitats and poach them to extinction. It's a disgrace.
I'll talk by asking you what is a rangas?
I couldn't even finish the gif because I felt the same way. I haven't been able to enjoy the zoo since I was a kid.
I was just thinking the same thing.
It's 2018, she can go wherever she wants now.
So true.
Pigs are intelligent and emotional creatures and yet we cage them, mistreat them, and then kill them for food.
Food for thought.
I agree. They should have much larger and more natural environments to call home. Sadly this wont be in the wild till we as a species get our shit together.  So until then this is what we do. Its not perfect, but at least the species will survive.
Because it's not common for other animals to kiss. I'm pretty sure the orangutan wasn't even kissing the stomach. Another redditor in this thread goes into more detail if you go towards the top of the thread.
good point.

> [At its most basic, kissing is a mating behavior, encoded in our genes. We share the vast majority of those genes with the mammalian species, but only humans (and occasionally our close primate relatives like chimps and bonobos) kiss.](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smithsonian-institution/ask-smithsonian-why-do-we-kiss-180958059/)

There are several different google results for [orangutan kiss](https://www.google.com/search?q=orangutan+kiss), for what it's worth.

I wonder what the context of this behavior is.  Learned in captivity?
Poor Koko :( was there a reason she couldn’t have babies? I feel like a family of Kokos would have been a wonderful thing.
animals, especially mammals have and exhibit emotions. you're right about the cage part.
The orangutan is male. Fatherly instincts kicking in.
Orangutans can be....finicky. They're not considered to be especially aggressive towards people, but they *can* be. And attacks aren't unknown. This is a male orangutan, so he's about seven times stronger than a man and it's probably best not to take any chances.



Most likely, he'd probably be very confused and try to get away. If he couldn't get away, he'd probably throw things of make angry gestures rather than attack. If he did attack, it probably wouldn't be his first, second or even third resort. But non-human apes, just like us, have personalities and differences in behavior, so you never know whether or not the particular animal is going to be particularly aggressive.
You're not the only one!
I thought it was a person mooning the ape, and the ape mooning back, like they were touching butts through the glass...


Da fuq is wrong with me?
Dogs can usually tell when something is 'up' with their owners. Mine goes all protective whenever one of us is ill.
Most zoos are actually vital to the conservation of animals. It's mostly a lie spun by PETA - the same PETA that condones euthanising pets because domestication is wrong, remember - and those types that slander them.
John.
Lol so random.
Come now...  

I think we all know that that ain't a carrot.
Reminds me of the LSD horror stories the government passed around when I was a kid. Like the boy who got stuck in a trip that he was a carton of milk and lived out the rest of his life in a mental hospital where the nurses had to put a milk cap on his head at night or he couldn't sleep. 

Edit: Holy shit so the story I always heard growing up was different because of the grapevine. 

[It was actually a glass of orange juice. ](http://anitasnotebook.com/2014/06/the-orange-juice-man-urban-legend-when-drugs-go-wrong.html)
You do you, friend.
I love this.
Not very. If any of the animals in the enclosure, with their ridiculous strength and teeth, were provoked? It could end very, very badly
Totally 100% safe to go in the enclosure, as long as the Orangutan wasn’t in there too.
[KALIMA SHAKTI DE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBIdcUxdgo0)
I swear that’s what I first thought. I thought I was looking at a butt cheek up against the glass and the gorilla was kissing on it
Most zoos are actually vital to the conservation of animals. It's mostly a lie spun by PETA - the same PETA that condones euthanising pets because domestication is wrong, remember - and those types that slander them.
You don’t know what you’re talking about.
You seem angry
The world doesn’t need more people? Alright. Fuck us.
Stop telling people to not follow biological instincts.
We also keep millions of cows, pigs, chickens, etc. in cages before killing them. Are we not assholes for doing that too?

Just some food for thought :)
We are caged for keeping these animal assholes.
Nobody cares
We also cage and then cage pigs, chickens, cows, and other animals then kill them for food. 

Just some food for thought. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
She looks young, but as soon as I saw her face I automatically knew she was British. She has that typical Chav face and clothing.
It happens
I’d rather them be in cage, where they are alive and not extinct then in the jungles of asia were they would probably go extinct
Neither should the millions of animals we keep in cages every year for our food needs.

Just some food for thought. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
yo lol XD
Put that negativity somewhere else pls
We’re also _by far_ the most intelligent. Objectively. I know it feels good to self-flagellate on behalf of the entire species, but I promise you that it is impressing nobody.
Ah the strength of my eye roll has torn my optic nerves!
So much ugly crying happening 😭
A) that's a male.


B) orangutans subsist almost entirely on fruit. Although there have been instances of them being observed eating meat, this appears to be more opportunistic behavior than habitual predation. Unlike, say, chimpanzees, meat doesn't seem to make up part of their staple diet. Orangutans are extremely lethargic, and aren't really capable of predatory behavior.
> we need them more than they could ever need us

Huh? What do humans *need* orangutans for? On the flip side, they *need* preservationists because without them palm tree farmers would have made them extinct already.

They're wonderful animals, but let's not get carried away here
Koko dead
Yup. This is Rajang from Colchester Zoo in the UK.
Does it actually? It could be that it just hasn’t seen this before and was curious.
I'm not sure it clearly recognizes the pregnancy. It looks more to me that it's interesting to the orangutan because it's not very often people come up and press their oddly round shaped stomach against the glass.
Citation?
Down voted... because I don’t ignore the facts and just live like this is okay. Lol. People are so fucking stupid. 

Ignorance is bliss
You do realize they have saved thousands of species from extinction, right? And if executed properly, they are good solutions to animals taken from places where they suffered. Why is there always people moaning about how sad
Zoos are on everyone post involving a zoo?
silly vegan, don’t you know *those* animals don’t feel pain and don’t deserve to be valued or be free! they’re not animals like apes or dogs, we wouldn’t eat *them,* that’s just messed up!
Gr8 b8
You do know there are building standards that must be met when a dangerous animal is kept in an enclosure, right? They design these habitats with the knowledge of the animals strength and abilities. The money saved on materials wouldn’t even come close to how much they would lose in a lawsuit so do your research before spouting your opinions.
Yea, that's common knowledge, amirite?
Or he's thinking, "Well, we know this one breeds so I'm 50&#37; of the way to bedding her." Orangutans are the smooth talkers of the ape world.
I really don’t want to be that guy but who’s to say the Orangutan wouldn’t have the same reaction to literally anything pressed against the window.

When we see the orangutan puts its lips up to the glass and give what looks like a kiss we picture that as a sign of affection *because that’s what humans do*

Orangutans don’t kiss, humans do. It’s so easy to personify behaviors of animals without realizing it.


Another common example of this is seen on /r/aww all the time. People think that their dog is expressing happiness by smiling https://i.redd.it/eexqyv1x19k01.jpg


Remember, I’m  not saying that animals can’t express emotions, I’m just trying to point out that we need to remember to not project anthropomorphic characteristics to nonhuman things when studying them.

This orangutan could very much so know the lady is pregnant, I think it would be fun to come up with a study to test the hypothesis:)

Let me rephrase.

What I mean by “not wanting to be *that* guy” is that I know that I’m going to be killing the mood/buzzing the vibe/ending the magic that a lot of people got from this gif.

I knew I would trigger some people *ahem* with that post but I think what can be learned from it outweighs the cognitive dissonance it causes some people.

In conclusion I’m just trying to get people to be more cognizant of *how* they think, not of *what* they think

✌️

Edit: 
 Hold nothing I say as fact.

I’m just trying to get people to be more conscious about *how* they think and to question how they came to a certain answer or belief, in all aspects of their lives.

Fun example: people will subconsciously change their beliefs and attitudes about something to match up to their behaviors.

If I wanted you to like me, I wouldn’t go and buy you ice cream. I would get *you* to go buy me ice cream. 

As your driving back with my ice cream you may think, “hey I actually really like this dude”. This thought would go in-line with your behavior/action of getting me ice cream.

On the way back if you came to the conclusion that I sucked, then you would feel like an idiot because you’re getting me ice cream and your beliefs about me wouldn’t like up with your actions/behavior.

Get someone to do you a favor if you’re trying to befriend them.
Thank you for the "seem to understand" instead of "totally thinks this or that"
Well the Orangutan is one of our genetic cousins! Pregnancy in them doesn’t look just too terribly different than ours. So that very well could be one way that this one understands that the woman is pregnant!
We should test this. Get a big dude to put his gut next to the glass. Tell him it's for science.
Or it's going "Human's looking a bit weird, lets have a good examine".

I mean, nobody can really claim to know what it's thinking until we make some ape-human translator.
Kind of odd behavior for a male orangutan though because they are infamously absent fathers. They mate and then leave
> That's a flanged male!

There's no phalange!
What causes same males to flange
Humans and orangutans are both great apes so it's understandable.
Wait, Maurice is male?
He has a belly button fetish. Male orangutans are pervs and he's no exception! Source: used to work with orangutans and know his keeper!
Maybe a dumb question, but I assume male orangutans sense pregnancy in their own species. And if that is the case, maybe they’re intelligent enough to sense it in a different species such as humans?
For some reason I have my doubts. Put a fat dudes belly up to the glass and see if it reacts the same way.
Ne, he just want to eat it.
See I'm not getting that, all i see is an ape poking at a belly being shoved in its face. Nothing here makes me think that he has any idea she's pregnant just "hey belly, imma poke it".
But do orangutans do stuff like that with pregnant orangutans?  To say "they recognize she's pregnant" from those behaviors they would need to be orangutan behaviors towards pregnant orangutans.
Looks like he wants to eat it tbh
That actually sounds right. When I volunteered with orangutans there was one that would sneak a stick through the bars in his cage and try to lift your shirt up with it, trying to get a cheeky look at your belly button. Definitely liked the ladies over the boys. I might have a pic of it if anyone is interested. Edit- the people have spoken! [Pic](https://imgur.com/a/bGexKJM) of me and Jocko
>he just loves belly buttons (likes women’s over men’s). Also enjoys bruises, tattoos and loves a good cut or graze. He's also partial to elbows and knobbly knees.

That's it, I'm kinkshaming
It could just be my interpretation, but all of that just tells me that he likes people.
oh so this isn't aww at all, it's just some sick orangutan's fetish
Who doesn't like a good joint, amirite
Sounds like Koko's interest in nipples. I wonder why other great apes like things that we share like that. Is it the lack of hair? Do they prefer people with very pale skin?
Checks out: https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=%23&ved=0ahUKEwionMPix-bbAhWNV8AKHWVoAvgQxa8BCC8wBQ&usg=AOvVaw0VTJzWxrN8ZFOD4xbU2nov

Also explains why the pregnant girl looks so young - this is in Essex. Which reminds me of an Essex joke:


Daughter: Mummy, why are your hands so soft?

Mother: Because I'm 15.
rajang is a cool name
That’s still super cool to me, hah.
Seems to me that if he’s fascinated with that many things, maybe he’s fascinated by her pregnant belly too.
This orangutan sounds like my uncle.
Why does he kiss the glass then? Does he like kissing belly buttons?
Surprisingly not disappointed by this post
Lololoool
>He's also partial to elbows and knobbly knees.

That is such a british formulation. The location of the zoo didn't click in my head but this line did.
He sounds like a weirdo
So he loves seeing the injuries of his captors....
Yup, this orang is awesome. We were just talking about revisiting him again soon.
Ranjang is an amazing fella, Colchester is my local zoo so I've seen him so many times over my life.
He really does show how intelligent the great apes really are and how closely linked we are.

Back in the 80s he used to be housed in a cage enclosure and people used to throw food into him. One time he was sat in the middle watching someone try and fail to throw food  through the bars. He stood up, shook his head and just pointed up. The top of the cage was fairly open so it was easier for the food to get in this way.

A few years ago he was in his inside enclosure and the keepers wanted him to go outside. He was obviously having a bit of a grumpy day as his response was to rip a metal I bar off his climbing frame and start beating the glass with it. We all were evacuated very quickly whilst they tried to calm him down.  The scary thing was how easy he made it look to rip an I bar from a structure.

He really is a wonderful character and should be seen by all whilst he is still in good health.
It has the flanges, the large cheek things, so yes it is
"Motherhood transcends species *and* gender!"
“It looks nothing like me, Shannon.”
[I'm telling you, that baby could be the star of a show called "Babies I Don't Care About"] (https://i.imgur.com/v45Tb8r.jpg)
"That's an ugly-ass baby"
Preggo fetish, prolly
"get that thing outta my face yo"
He was only in it for the belly, not for the contents
She didn’t expect the kid to come out that ugly
I thought we agreed you weren't keeping it. I'm not paying child support, shannon
I'm telling you, that baby could be the star of a show called "Babies I Don't Care About"
How could you betray me!?
Typical...
Well it isn't the prettiest baby I have ever seen...
Get that ape into politics, it would fit right in
I was thinking the EXACT same thing. Your comment made me spit my drink out.
Well it’s because he has to look at bratty little babies all day long!
That orang saw some shit
I scrolled down for this.
Blobby
That baby is a flanged male
In awe at the size of that lad
I thought it was a butt at first...
Wow! Babies grow up so fast
Wish they added him in mhw though. One of my favorites to fight.
Angled weird. You can see that there's a pane of glass between them.
Weird angle. You can see the reflection of the back of the baby’s head on the glass.
:D
[Reminds me of this picture](https://i.imgur.com/O2dwS0S.jpg)
They're are dozens of us!
....now that I think about it..it's kinda weird that I associated a womens ass for "motherhood," because I thought the same fucking thing. My initial reaction was "That's a phat ass."
I came here for the primate/basic white gurl booty porno
I really thought "motherhood" was "mooning" on the first click
You werent.
I almost forgot we were on /r/aww and not /r/imgoingtohellforthis and I was gonna say is she there on a field trip.

yes it was a teen mom joke in 2018.
We are all animals on this blessed day
Checking in. Me too.
Thank christ there's more than a few of us.
There’s dozens of us!
SAME.
You're welcome
So did I and I thought the ape was trying to breast feed
Beat me to it
Ass to ass symbol looks like a TIE fighter.
Thanks for not lying
Same
I will not kinkshame an ape today.
Don’t we all
This was answered elsewhere by someone who knows about this male orangutan in particular, but he's making kissy faces because he likes ladies' bellybuttons. The fact that she's pregnant probably has nothing to do with it.
shun the non believer!
Animals, especially ones as smart as orangutans and gorillas, will mimic human tendencies and behaviors to better communicate with us. So, in this case, his kiss could absolutely be meant as a kiss in the way we understand it. It's actually the most likely scenario. Some great apes do have their own ways of kissing as well so it wouldn't be that foreign of a concept to him, except they kiss as a form of reconciliation or comfort more than a sign of affection. Bonobos even French each other. (And some dogs learn to smile when they're happy because people encourage it and find it adorable. Others do it out of discomfort and nervousness but the occasional smiler, I'm inclined to believe, knows exactly what they are doing)
How many people have walked up to that glass and put their gut against it? That animal sees plenty of humans a day and is straight up just investigating something new.

I swear, half of the people in this thread could be that crazy woman at my zoo that tells everyone about how she has a special connection with the animals because they looked at her once.
This is my local zoo, it's well known that Rajang loves belly buttons. It's got nothing to do with the girl being pregnant, he has exactly the same reaction to my very male belly.
dogs are kind of a special case, they have evolved along side us so long that they have facial expressions and such which they express specifically for our benefit/to communicate.  So while they might not be feeling exactly what we think they are, they absolutely DO emote.  (a recent study confirmed)
Did you post this on all the top-level comments?
Name checks out, and a fair enough point.
the dog has a cute fuckin cowboy hat on and you say he's not smiling how fuckin dare you
You have entirely too much time on your hands!
tbf, though, humans & dogs have co-evolved so a lot of the times dogs facial expressions mean approx. what we think they mean
Ah, the old [Reddit Preggo-roo!](https://www.reddit.com/r/blackmagicfuckery/comments/8sbsds/a_backpack_that_magically_reacts_to_a_flash/e0zd2ix/?context=8&depth=9)
You shouldn't make that assumption.
[Why not a pregnant man?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junior_\(1994_film\))
Hey, I don't judge.
Mr Smarty pants over here...talking about genders and shit
Yes. The big cheek pads indicate it's the dominant male in that particular group of orangutans.
Yes. That is a flanged male orangutan. 

> Male orangutans exhibit a curious and little-understood case of “bimaturism,” also referred to as “arrested development.” This means that there are two “types” of mature male orangutans: flanged and unflanged males. A flanged male has big cheek pads on the sides of his face and a large pendulous throat sack under his chin. An unflanged male has neither of these traits, and his body is usually smaller. Unflanged males are sexually mature and fully able to father offspring; females, however, seem to prefer to mate with the flanged males. 

https://orangutan.org/orangutan-facts/orangutan-behavior/
Yes. Male orangutans have those face flaps
Yes, the dominant males develop the ‘big cheeks(!)’ in orangutans, while the females do not. Side note, the hormones in the dominant male of an area cause the cheeks and also suppress the less dominant males in their area from developing those features.
Yeah. Cheek flaps
Mostly by their genitals.
The first of his kind
Sourav Ganguly.
But was he?
Disturbing
EVERYONE ELSE IS SO WEIRD AND I'M NORMAL
There's a saying: when you're a kid you love going to the zoo because you love animals, when you're an adult you hate going to the zoo because you love animals
When I was a kid, we saw the Ringling Brothers Circus on Gunther Gebel Williams’s farewell tour (famous big cat trainer). The elephants 🐘 were on parade before the show. “Mommy, why do the elephants keep swaying back and forth?” “That’s just what elephants do sometimes,” my mom responded. 

Swaying repeatedly is a symptom of an elephant that is stressed or bored from being in captivity. After the news stories about elephants being abused in circuses, my memory of riding that elephant is a really regretful one.
That means that the cougar was probably rescued from a smaller confined space. It's a sign of trauma.
There’s a sanctuary zoo near me that only houses rescued animals that can’t be released to the wild. That’s the only zoo I’ll go to.
Yeah. Just got back from a San Diego zoo trip this week. The big cats are constantly pacing.

Not good. If my housecat was pacing around I'd be like, fuck off stop pacing whats wrong with you.
Me too
The gorillas really get to me too. They always look miserable and often make eye contact. It just makes me so sad.
I like Busch Gardens gorilla exhibit, they have all these waterfalls and tree houses, and it's pretty vast.
I got a job at a zoo when I was a teenager for the summer and the first week that I went to work I took my lunch and sat with the gorillas and ate. One of them came up to the glass and stared at me and his eyes were so human I quit the next day. Made me really sad, didn't want to go back :(
Gorillas always seem to want the *fuck* out when you see how bashed the glass tends to be in enclosures I've seen.
Orangutans are one of the least aggressive and most peaceable species of primate.  Attacks on humans by oragutans are practically unheard of.
Yes....because if they weren't in cages the only other place they could possibly be is running around cities wild killing people, best keep them locked up, rather than in their natural environments or preserves.
I say we do it
ive seen plenty of first hand evidence to suggest that this is not always the case. 

not saying all zoos are bad and all species should be free or whatever, but some species just don't belong in small enclosures, and some zoos do not treat their animals right.
yea, i’m pretty sure they don’t...https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/gqmvzx/why-we-should-close-all-zoos-778
Hello, human baby. Trapped in that belly.

  


Do you see me? Trapped in here?
Pretty easy to test when the animal in questions is capable of learning sign language.
No, Rajang just really likes belly buttons. That's about it.

"Rajang has always been a curious orangutan! He loves belly buttons, scars and of course baby bumps!"
The thing about that is your scenario is a hypothetical whereas it's a concrete fact that these animals are stolen from their natural habitat to be put on display. Animals as intelligent as that shouldn't be a commodity, humanity is disgusting.
Spend some time on the internet, plenty of opportunities.

Also if you're a Clint Eastwood fan
Pretty sure he makes it so that it comes up in conversation frequently. 

“Fuck dude, we get it, orangutans are better than people. So are seals and hummingbirds. Yes, we know you’ve said it before. And we know you’ll say it again”
"Sir, I'm sorry, but we don't serve free refills."

*"THIS IS WHY ORANGUTANS ARE BETTER THAN PEOPLE!"*
Orang outan is not wiping humans off the surface of the earth.
I'm crying right now (part because I did not sleep) thinking that in a few years there will be no more of these extraordinary creatures that are not so different than us
Yes. I make it come up along with elephants, and corvids. As a counter to the "law of the jungle" argument. Plus examples of their mutual aid amongst themselves and other creatures
Kind of ironic that Mark Twain was killed by his own orangutan
Sven, don't you think that's true?
Probably.
Reindeers are assholes that block the roads.
https://youtu.be/YH63N0GyvxM

Reindeers are dicks.
oookk eeekk
Ook.
And people too... But animals cannot premeditate crimes
Morality is a spook. Animals cannot premeditate violent actions as humans can and only corvids have shown knowledge and fear of death. By action alone most animals act better in their day to day than humans do. They live purer lives than humans
And how many truly  "moral" humans have you met recently?
FTFY sit on your toilet browsing reddit on your phone while taking a shit
Thank you. Animals are really shitty.  They don't have the ability to reason like us, which makes them a sort of innocent, but that doesn't mean they aren't raping and killing each other.  Humans are the only animals that figured out that shit is wrong and we should try to discourage it, and it took us a long time and many brilliant minds to get there.
Males are solitary, there is no dominant one.
But you're entitled to your falsely social darwinist theories that were thrown out at the dawn of the 21st century, and I'm entitled to my **opinion** (not objective fact as no such thing exists)that animals act in truer faith than humans
Also, this clearly isnt the sub for your trolling.
Also, this clearly isnt the sub for your trolling.
Looking over your activity you're clearly living in mommy's basement trying to lash put at others cause you hate what you see in the mirror.
Nobody can fix that but you..

Good luck with whatever you call a life.
Nor did they invent racism, sexism, elitism, or genocide
Compared to this fucking gem you delivered for us
Yeah, the zoo I volunteer at has many animals that would otherwise need to be killed. Bears and alligators that were getting too fearless of people, getting too close, etc. Also endangered species that are bred and many of those babies are eventually released. It also educates people about them, helping bring attention to their issues. There are also many that could not survive in the wild for various reasons. All our animals are well taken care of and happy. Several are rescues.

Don’t get me wrong, bad zoos with cement cells suck. But good zoos can be a great thing.
Watch these mammals in captivity. Many display signs of mental breaks. Not just apes. Bears. Whales. Elephants. Giraffes. It’s really rough. I mean, imagine being locked in a cage that long, even if you only had the intelligence of a child. You’d go insane. There are cases of kids locked in cages by evil parents who have gone insane.
You can say it isn't cruel, the zoos meet standards etc, but you can see these animals are not happy, they are not in a healthy state of mind. They don't have a concept of Zoos and people, they probably just want to roam around and hunt but can't. It's exactly the same problem as SeaWorld taking Orcas and locking them in cells, intelligent animals (predators especially) shouldn't be kept captive.
I agree, but right now, politics = bad
Am bigger than you n higher in the food chain! Get in ma bellay
One of the males I used to work with had a thing for tattoos. Funny buggers.
Not in the same way that we do.
"the miracle of birth"

It's not a miracle...
Well, not all animals have male-female ratio at 1:1 so it might not be 50%
Well, not all animals have male-female ratio at 1:1 so it might not be 50%
Isn't it the most frustrating thing *ever*.. it's so hard to be understanding.
ok jerry, just drink your coffee
Lol, like that will do anything
Why tho
Yeah, so instead of motherhood, maybe parental instincts. Nonetheless, that is still a beautiful thing to see.
The face. The males have the big flabby stuff.
http://www.whypetaeuthanizes.com/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Center_for_Consumer_Freedom

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Berman

http://bermanexposed.org/

http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Center_for_Consumer_Freedom

http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=11842#.Uxiktj9dXyA

http://www.consumerdeception.com/index.asp

http://www.humanesociety.org/issues/opposition/facts/things_you_didnt_know_about.html
So is it better to stay in cages until they die? Because that is the realistic alternative. The number of cages needed would grow exponentially. You would need whole warehouses with wall to wall, floor to ceiling cages, full of suffering animals. OR, you would need an incredible amount of money to run smaller more humane shelters where animals could go outside, but that money is not available. In an ideal world, people would adopt all those animals, or they wouldn't abandon animals in the first place. But we don't live in an ideal world, we live in a fucking shit world. I hate the idea of euthanising animals too, I am a vegan and animal lover after all, but honestly, what is the realistic alternative?
You could look after and save animals without putting them in glass containers for human entertainment. Wildlife sanctuaries are a thing.

Ive been to a zoo once. I saw a polar bear in a cooled down glass box just pacing back and forth for about a half hour, then if got to eat, then it went to sleep for probably 12 hours, then repeat. And yes, this was one of the "good zoos"
Please stop capitalizing zoos.
No, we must interpret every thing we see as political and tribal, and obsess ourselves with hate by dividing anyone or anything we see that opposes our ideals as a political group.
A ranga is a slang term for someone with red hair, derived from the word orangutan.
I like to imagine that zoos help the public understand the need for conservation.  

> [The animals you see when you visit your favorite zoo or aquarium are considered ambassadors for their species.  Through interaction and up-close observation, visitors develop an appreciation and concern for animals in the wild.  This concern leads to greater awareness of threats to wild animals and daily actions to help reduce human impacts on natural ecosystems.](http://zoonation.org/what-is-an-animal-ambassador/)

Life in captivity absolutely has its costs for those individuals, but they may be outweighed by the benefits for the species as a whole.

Also: the zoological community has taken great efforts to continue to increase quality of life for the animals in their charge.  Case in point, many american zoos have stopped keeping elephants in recent decades, after realizing that they could never offer them nearly enough space.  Were zoos cruel organizations motivated only by ticket revenues, they'd have kept their elephants, especially as they've become a rare attraction in recent times.

Of course, you're entirely entitled to your own take on the matter.  But I think there's room for a moral approach to zoo patronage.
While I do agree that we shouldn't treat them like this, I don't have any problem with eating other animals as food, as it happens in the nature, the weak loses to the strong.
Probably. He may understand it as being affection, though, as they’re very smart and very social and can really learn cues quite well. My mom’s bird gives us kisses.
I know that there's a lot of zoos that helps on preserving species, etc, but mostly aren't like big "natural" environments, a little far from humans and stuff?

I'm talking out of my ignorance cause I really don't know much about the subject.
The pregnant one...
Orangutans aren't that bad, with the obvious exception of getting between a mother and her young. I still wouldn't trust them, because they're still wild animals.

Gorillas will bluff charge you but normally won't attack unless you push it. But, chimps? No. Slightly smarter jaguars. And, jaguars have a nickname of "a chainsaw with fur" - at least they don't specifically aim for the face and genitals.
Seems logical and frustrated.
no they said not to do that
So edgy, can I have more of your teenage wisdom?
Well scientists are developing lab grown meat, so maybe that will be completely unnecessary in the near future.
Wow that’s a Chav face? I’m from the states and I don’t even think we have an equivalent word for that type of look haha
*He. I’m pretty lazy too but I’ve had like three babies today🤫
They would be extinct because of palm tree farmers, who are people. 

We need them, for science
You know, you're probably right.
Huh? You’ve never read about palm oil?
Just because YOU don’t eat dogs, doesn’t mean the rest of the world doesn’t, nor is it a wrong thing to do if they do. Silly, westerner.
Well it should be.
Male Orangutans actually have two puberties, the initial standard kind and the second where they gain their flanges, dewlaps and "capes." Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females and rape them.

Not the smooth talkers of the ape world. That's gibbons. Lesser as they are. 

EDIT: Just to temper people's displeasure at this, I chose Gibbons (white-handed, *Hylobates lar*)  thinking specifically of the fact that they are (mostly) monogamous, and pairs will actually sing to each other as they range apart from one another. These duets are specific to the "couple", get more intricate and complex as the pair ages together and demonstrate surprising plasticity.
Naw, that was a sweet Orangutan
Maybe he just wants the power of mans red flower?
> Orangutans are the smooth talkers of the ape world.

Considering they're one of the apes that can learn sign language, you're technically correct.
Tell that to the horny bonobos
There was that Orangutan who \[had a thing for Nicole Kidman.\]([https://www.news.com.au/travel/australian-holidays/perth-zoo-orangutan-has-kidman-fetish/news-story/1a52ba90f2399369b588349d84d419bd](https://www.news.com.au/travel/australian-holidays/perth-zoo-orangutan-has-kidman-fetish/news-story/1a52ba90f2399369b588349d84d419bd))
I sincerely hope youre right
They want to show you their "O"-face.
Bonobos just fuck around
Don't they rape...like a lot?
And there are reports of them raping/attempting to rape humans.
She's DTB.
I first misread your comment as "Orangutans are the smooth talkers of the **rape** world." haha!
*adjusts skirt*
arent humans the smooth talkers of the ape world?
"Best form of birth control is pregnancy "
TIL Orangutuans have more game then I do
Re dog smiles - dogs and orangutans are very different in that dogs are domesticated, and for long enough to have evolutionary pressure in favor of interacting with us. Dogs may smile not because they are happy, but there is some evidence they smile because they want us to be happy and/or think they're happy.

https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/oct/19/dogs-have-pet-facial-expressions-to-use-on-humans-study-finds  

Edit: typo
Whether or not that guy 'wants to be that guy' is a crapshoot. Half the time they really want to be that guy... half the time they really don't want to be that guy. 

The point is you are that guy
Interesting, so why does he kiss the glass? Do you have any sort of expertise in this field? Not saying you're wrong just wondering if you are conclusively correct. 

Weather it's a kiss or just a general soft touch of acknowledgement the meaning to me is the same and aligned with subject of the post. Instead of "my dogs smiling", this behaviour seems more like when my dog shows affection by wanting to lay on my lap.
I remember reading something about humans having bad interactions with primates because they treat their emotional reactions like they are human and that can be bad lots of time.
Mostly agree, but with the proviso that while we certainly can't *know* what's going on with the orang and his reaction without further investigation, we can make educated guesses.  Parsimony dictates that when we see what appears to be similar behavior in closely-related species, our first inclination should be to hypothesize that said behavior evolved from a recently shared ancestor, not to imagine that it's completely unrelated and not at all analogous.  

In that sense, while we absolutely cannot say with any *certainty* that we have an accurate understanding of the orang's behavior here, we can say that it's reasonable to at least suspect that what we think we see happening is quite probably a close match to what actually *is* happening.
Where's the primate police when you need them?
People have enough trouble as it is not projecting our own emotions on each other...

I was going to add that the difference is if you ask a human what they're feeling or doing, they'll tell you, but hell, most people I talk to can't even communicate their feelings or reasoning behind a behavior very well either.
It's ok to be that guy bro, I'm that guy too. My first thoughts were "he thinks it's a melon and that 'kiss' is him trying to taste it"
That's not anthropomorphization, that's mimicry.
Thank you. Humans love romanticizing so much animal activity when it means nothing to what they assign it!!!
You have written a lot without saying much at all here.
I doubt the Orangutan knows she's pregnant. 

1. He's a male and they're solitary animals who get together only for breeding.

2. I doubt females get anywhere close to that swollen when heavily pregnant. 

He probably just thinks she's shaped funny
I tagged you as "Destroyer of the Aww"
I agree with you. My first thought was that this orangutan would probably act just the same if this was some guy’s butt cheeks pressed against the window.
Don't be ashamed of being that guy. Anthropomorphism is rampant on this site. 99 times out of 100 where everyone is fawning over an animal displaying "human like" behavior, it's simply behavior which resembles human behavior by chance. It boils down to uneducated masses upvoting based on their emotional response to the content.
Thank you 👏👏👏
[deleted]
The male orangutan at the LA zoo patted the female he’d just gotten done having happy time with on the shoulder, and ran off the last time I visited. 

From that day forward I’ve never for once doubted our common ancestry or their ability to channel appropriate human emotions.
Humans like smiling at each other. You probably don’t want to smile at a chimp. At least not if you don’t want it to kill you. 

So yeah, I can definitely understand not taking things at face value.
Yeh, I'm pretty sure he's just wanting to pick at her belly button. That seems the focus of his attention.
Thought the same.  Why can't we just let the idiots be happy?  One day I hope to be an idiot.
Orangutans [kiss.](https://www.insideedition.com/mama-orangutan-cant-stop-holding-kissing-her-new-baby-39871)

Not romantically (that seems to be exclusive to humans, chimps, and bonobos), but still, they kiss.

Not only are you That Guy, you're bad at it.
Yes. I don't know how many times I've commented "dogs don't smile". Open mouth "smiling" is usually caused by being hot or anxious.
Counterpoint: That dog is a happy goodboi and I can tell for a fact. 

Just kidding, this was great and informative and a bummer.
Well then why do YOU think the dog is smiling?
I so much hope you are right. I am so freakin sentimental. I have been grieving for a month over the death of my cat. Maybe I just projected my feelings onto him. It would make his passing so much easier on me.I see animals and get so out there emotionally. Being bi polar I am an emotional wreck anyway. Now all I need is one more animal to break my heart. Elephants really send me over the edge. People not so much. Got you.
You sound like a total delight to be around
I pretty much agree. I also think he may just be curious. Orangutans are smart. They like to take things apart and see how they work. He may also know she's pregnant. ...And possibly want to take her apart and see how she works. Or not. It's still a neat video either way.
Oh tasty pink water melon but there is some see through invisible force field in the way! Nomnom I want to play with my food like a lot of animals.
CAN IT, BUB
Transference. 

And one of the biggest reasons why dog owners (yeah I hate that phrasing) have difficulty correcting unwanted behaviors. 

Thanks for being that guy.
Dad?
If it only takes one person’s interest then you have it
> if anyone is interested in orangutans

> is on Reddit

You’re just in it for the power.
Did you even have to ask? Lol
The upskirt photographers of the animal world.
Totally delivered, awesome!
Well I'll be a monkey's uncle.
Is he doing sign language? By the way his hand flexes up it looks like at least a hand gesture. What is he communicating?
Lol if there is the most indonesian name ever  that is jocko. Love the story btw
I'm probably one of the least fashionable people in the world and haven't bought new clothes, besides underwear, in like a decade, and I can fully say you need to update your wardrobe.

And the human on the right could use some new clothes as well.
Orangutans can be pretty cheeky *pun intended* I work with a male that will get all worked up if you flick his tongue or touch his nipple. It’s all fun and games until they start masturbating with their foot lol then you just gotta get up and give them some alone time
Yeah, you can tell when he's down wayyyy low trying to see what's underneath ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Probably same reason people are facisnated with giant horse and elephant penises
Theres a monster in the Monster Hunter video game series called a Rajang. Its a large apelike creature so even if the name is an accident its quite appropriate.
We are *going* to make this work!
Motherhood doesn’t have to mean that both the ape and the human are mothers.
"I want an ape divorce, Shannon."
  That escalated quickly.
First time a reddit comment made me laugh out loud
I don't know. Them cheeks....
This one of the funniest comments I've ever seen on Reddit lmao
It’s Karen
wait no
r/unexpectedoffice
Biggest plot twist of all time
/r/uglybabies
Ugly ass-baby
DAMNIT BLOBBY!
##how is blobby formed
All hail Blobby B 🙌🙌
Bad luck blobby
Mr.. Blobby
I laughed way too hard at this.

Thank you.
Gonna rape somebody after his second puberty.
Ah, the ol' [ape-a-roo.](https://i.imgur.com/R390EId.jpg)
This really depends on how young you were when you were born
They still might
I hope they add all the popular old monsters to MHW. 

Would love to fight a Tigrex, Narga, Jinouga, Barioth, Rajang, Gore Magala, Brachydios, Agnaktor (Lavaslioth just isn't the same!) in the new engine with all the pretty graphics and effects.

That said, some of these would be tough like Barioth (And maybe Tigrex) needing a Tundra map (Although that would open it up to a ton of new monsters too and maybe some other old ones like Gigginox, Popodrome, Kezu) and Gore Magala introducing the frenzy virus stuff (Which I'm not really keen on tbh).
It took me about ten seconds to figure out what that actually was. Hahahaha.
This picture gets me just as bad every single time!
Oh that was upsetting until it wasn't.
[Reminds me of this one](https://i.imgur.com/s5M7Dck_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium)
That guy looks like an asshole.
There are about four different sections of that mess that could have been disgusting man-ass.
Oh god no
Hahaha. I’ve never seen that. That got me good.
It took me way too long to realize what this photo was showing me!
This guy is literally three asses glued together
That is absolutely uncanny
Ok will someone actually tell me what I’m seeing??
I also read “anus” instead of “aunt” on the baby’s shirt. The mind is a dark place.
As I was prepared to be confused it took me only 7 seconds to realize that was a bald man and not someone about to shit on a baby.
Omg hahahaha
Thought that was a homunculi chimaera “big brooo”
It took me far too long to realize this wasn't a malformed booty.
Wow that was really hard to discern.  It was ass, all the way.
Sick fuck spreading his ass checks over a baby while the mom looks on like a deer caught in the headlights
Did you have that picture saved ready for this?!
Oh holy shit, NO!
Wait look closer. That guy *is* naked.
No matter how many times I see that, it's horrifying.
Holy shit I got it wrong twice
Secret Buttholes
Imagine finding that in your family photo album
HOW MANY ASSES ARE IN THI.... oh, none.
Risky click
hemEARoid
Man i was panicking for a good few seconds
This is so safe for work, and yet it really isn't.
Didn't know Assy McGee was a father.
/r/misleadingthumbnails
Oh Tobias, you blowhard!
Speak for yourself.
Oh thank God I wasn’t the only one thinking that.
>thought the ape was trying to breast feed


 You are a much better person than I am.
I totally forgot about it, this video reminded me of it, rewatched scene and it's funnier to me now then when I first saw
Thanks for not lying.
You're welcome
Well welcome to the club
How could you of all people mistake a butt?!
you guys are supposed to be the experts here!
I'm pretty ignorant of great ape mannerisms but my first thought was he was interested in the belly button.
Dont kinkshame the orangutan
Shhhuuuunnnnnnnn
The Leopluridon has spoken, Charlie!
We must be imagining things because he *really* doesn't wanna be that guy
Hold my monkey, I'm going in!
Hi future people!
What just happened to me? How long have I been gone? Where is my wife?
Rope? Check. Light? Check. Food and water? Check. Battery life? Good. Wish me luck guys I'm goin in.
God I fucking love getting lost in these! Thank you.

Hold my orangutan, I'm going in!
Grab my umbilical cord, I'm going in!
Jesus christ what did I just click through
Hello future people. I have some sustenance for you on your journey. 🍪🍏🍞🍺🥙
Hold my bananas, I’m going in!
Hold my orangutan, I’m going in!
Is this a meme?!

Went waaaay down that rabbit hole.

How far back does it go?
Hold my ovulation test, I'm going in!
Speaking of which, what point do those serve?
I doubt it. I heard one is right now the US President
It is most definitely his.  She was just tired of his pre-dad jokes.
Yes actually. There is no reason for the woman in this gif to do this other than for attention.
As a kid I always liked watching nature documentaries more and didn't really care for zoos. You feel bad for the animals who are mostly sleeping or pacing in zoos, and documentaries are so much more exciting to watch.
Damn, so true
A lot of zoo's actually do really great things for animal conservation.
Nah, I'm an adult in grad school working with zoos *because* I love animals. AZA institutions do so much for conservation and bettering the lives of captive animals.
I went to a zoo that had a literal "catwalk": it was a series of caged tunnels that allowed the cats to roam around the zoo and basically people watch. Guests had to take care not to get sprayed,  though.
If you hate going to the zoo, you must really love extinction.

Zoos conserve endangered species, but that's *far* from the extent of the benefits they provide. The amount of education that comes from zoos is astronomical; they are what ignites passion for nature in people of all ages.

AZA (Americas) and EAZA (Europe) accredited zoos hold strict guidelines on animal care. Animals receive excellent nutrition (with diets specifically tailored to the individual), enrichment, and routine medical care.

Zoos are not run by big bad monopoly men squeezing animals into sterile cells for your amusement. Go into the zoo business and you will not find one person who doesn't have a genuine love for animals.
When you're an educated adult, you realize zoos perform critical conservation and public education functions.
/r/showerthoughts
This makes me so sad
I remember as a kid going to the Central Park zoo and seeing the big cats and elephants (I think) pacing in their enclosures. They would walk the same exact path over and over so that their feet wore away white spots on the off white plastic structures they were in. Horrific!
Any AZA accredited zoo (most all zoos in the US) has this policy.
I thought that was the intention of a lot of zoos? Taking in sick/ injured or otherwise animals that probably aren’t fit to survive in the wild or are endangered so the zoo is helping with a breeding program.
I like the Alpine Zoo in Big Bear, CA for this reason. 

Edit: They have TWO snow leopards!!
It's trauma. The cats are rescued from circuses and private owners who lock them in tiny cages.
The orangutans at the Kansas City Zoo have an inside and outside enclosure. We went during the summer and it was pretty hot outside. They were outside in their play area, but the door to the inside area (which still had glass on one entire side of the enclosure so people could see them) was locked. One of the orangutans was trying to open the door and was messing with the lock. It seemed too hot and wanted to go in. When we walked back by on the way out of the zoo it was still sitting by the door trying to force it open. That's the last time I've gone to a zoo.
Eye contact to them is a challenge. You meeting their gaze means the only thing preventing you being torn limb from limb is the integrity of their enclosure.
They're nearly human and I can't go to any zoo anymore. It just seems so wrong to gawk at these creatures while they're stressed and trapped. I read a book called *Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors* by Carl Sagan and Anne Druyan, which had a chapter on apes and baboons in captivity, which really got to me. I think it was baboons specifically, if I remember correctly. Basically these baboons were haphazardly thrown together in a zoo, they weren't familiar to each other and they had no social cohesion, so they violently murdered each other. Of course, that was an extreme case, but I wonder what zoo animals feel on a daily basis. I find it hard to justify. Maybe for scientific reasons, but even then, scientists would make more accurate observations in the wild.
Years ago there was a giant lowland gorilla at the Lincoln park zoo in Chicago named Sinbad. He would sit there with his immense arms resting on a large table or box and just stare at the people staring at him. I could swear I saw tears welling up in his eyes at times.
Eye contact is a sign of aggression in primates...
They look sad because you're disrespecting them with your eye contact.
Can I drop this in here? IDEA for the future "zoo" that means making much bigger reserves in their native territories.  In 'civilized' cities, there would be gathering centres for people of all ages to interact irl and with cute social media devices they have onsite that connect to all the live feeds that are hidden in the wildlife areas.

Think of all the cute sticker-making machine potential, and NO MORE LYING TO THE CHILDREN about 'how fun it is to go to these torture Chambers called zoos' in 2018.
Orangs rape humans frequently enough that it took me two seconds to find this link:

https://archive.nytimes.com/www.nytimes.com/books/00/04/02/reviews/000402.002waalt.html?_r=1&oref=slogin
Uhhhh...  they are wild animals, just like any other non-human creature, and they will attack when their instincts or temperament dictate. It happens all the time.
ACCREDITED zoos help animals, I should say.
The arguments in that article aren't very good -- basically "some zoos are bad/have had incidents so we should close them all." It makes as much sense as closing every hospital because of malpractice at some.
Buddy I worked at a zoo, I know exactly how much work goes into making them happy
>stolen

Yep because it's not like they just rescued a bunch of oraganatangs from their habitat that was destroyed by loggers. Oh yeah every single case of an animal in a zoo is because the zoo stole them and put it there.
\> Also if you're a Clint Eastwood fan

explain
You know, my dad watched that movie about 500 times when I was a kid, but I've never seen it all the way through. Might be time to see what the heck he was watching.
"Right turn, Clyde."
[Right turn Clyde!](https://youtu.be/i98QrSSHxo4)
Source?
People will beat you and curse you and cheat you!
https://youtu.be/YH63N0GyvxM Speaking of..
But, I mean... the french fries...
But on a serious note: Doesn't genocide, elitism and prejudice exist in the animal kingdom "naturally"? Us humans just created those words so that we have a way to talk about it.
[Chiliiiii Baby back ribs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S42pu26WlBQ)
How would you know? There’s plenty of scientific literature about (some) animals experiencing many of the same emotions as humans.
Thanks!
"I went to a zoo once so that automatically makes me an expert and every single zoo is exactly the same"

Go fuck yourself
Yes, they are. But zoos also educate. They teach people about animals hands on.

Most zoo animals are happy. There’s thousands of cases of zoo animals getting out of their enclosures, only to return because they’re happy in their homes. Their home has everything they could ever want/need 

Abundance of clean good food, endless water, shelter, places to roam, all the care they could ever need, no worry of getting hurt. Zoo animals are very happy. 

Wildlife sanctuaries are not much different.
Not sure why you’re being downvoted when this is the truth. Animals live longer outside captivity and animals can be protected without being in a zoo exhibit. It’s cruel to restrict them to what amounts to something that’s a jail. I’ve seen it myself with a jaguar in edinburgh zoo. This is why I’ll never go to Seaworld even though I would love to see a killer whale. It’s amazing how some people justify some of the things they do rather than admit that they just don’t care and would place their needs at the expense of others.
You call yourself u/grammerbastard and yet don’t notice that I only capitalized “zoo” when it was in the acronym or the start of the sentence... 😐
Yeah! Fuck science and education! Free the animals!
This.
Oh, fuck off. You can rather show them a video and educate them like that. It's a pathetic thing to keep an animal inside a cage and call it an ambassador for different individuals of the same species. It's not like they are the same individual. The animal you put in a cage wants to live as free as an individual of the same speicies you want to conserve.
The problem is "treating them like this" is the nature of the industry, and the vast majority of food produced comes from factory farming.
It's really difficult to scale production to keep up with demand while also giving the animals lives in good conditions, you know?
That plus the inherent mistreatment that comes with each industry that can't be avoided: forcibly impregnating female cows in the dairy industry before separating the mother from her baby, grinding up millions of baby chicks in the egg industry because they're not useful, cutting off chickens beaks with a hot knife while they're unsedated in the chicken/egg industry, etc.
Are you ok with being a part of the suffering of another species, and if you are, why?
Of course there's your Seaworlds - that is, places keeping animals like orcas which have no place in captivity due to their sheer size alone. But most proper zoos are great; Rajang is from Colchester Zoo and they do a *lot* of vital conservation work.
That's my point. It's far less likely, and they may not be inherently aggressive, but this is a wild animal we're talking about, and a male, at that.
So brave, can I have more of your astounding wit?
I’m American too, haha. Chav is like the British version of rednecks.
> We need them, for science

*what*?
Obviously not since there has yet to be an instance of apes breaking the glass barrier and ripping a human fetus from its mothers womb, eviscerating her in the process. At least here in the US, in the past 10 years.
I was about to ask how you know this, but I just checked your name and it checked out.
"Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females" Cool

"and rape them" ( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)
>Not the smooth talkers of the ape world. That's gibbons. Lesser as they are.

I'd have gone with the bonobo.
That's actually really awesome. Super fucked up, but still kind of awesome.

It also led me to [this research](http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20151027-new-insights-into-strange-faced-orangutans), which sounds silly at first...

>A new study tries to explain why males take so long to grow their flanges. To discover this, researchers collected poo from 17 wild Bornean orangutans.
Do you know of a source? I'd never heard of that and I'd like to read about it.
I want to subscribe to primate facts.
>  Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females and rape them.

So they are the "people" from r/incels .... good to know
Just want to let everyone know my last name is Gibbons
Careful. Don't become the next Unidan.
Gawd Daym O_O
From what I was told those Orangutans that look like adolescents/females despite being breeding ready are called SLFs, or Sneaky Little Fuckers.
They call it arrested development(the one thing i can remember from my primates class.)
Gibbons don't have much dimorphism between the males and females, implying they've evolved with monogamy. Definitely nothing like a smooth talking Gorilla with his harem.
Also I remember hearing that recent studies have shown that even flanged males will sometimes force themselves on unwilling females. So even the 'attractive' ones aren't smooth talkers.
Orangutan #MeToo movement starts right here, right now!
Hay hay hay ;)
I would like to subscribe to primate facts please
You are a gift to this world so don’t ever forget it.
Can I ask you in your expert opinion, what you think is happening in this video?
So instead they’re the smooth criminals of the (R)ape world >.> !?
I’m sorry...
This user primates!
Username checks out
So male Orangutans are the male feminists of the ape world?
> and the second where they gain their flanges, dewlaps and "capes." 

It is like some kind of Pak Protector stage
Subscribe
Sadly, I’ve seen clips of orangutan rape. I didn’t actively seek it. It was in a cable channel documentary around 20 or so years ago; it involved two males and one female.  Ugh. I’ve never forgotten it.
When it comes to primate facts: You don’t monkey around
They rape...but they save...hopefully they save more than they rape
Dude, you do know your shit.
Gibbons are the best. I went to a zoo a few years ago that had several mated pairs, and they were so charming and funny to watch, I was totally obsessed with them when I left. 

I rate gibbons 11/10 and would totally chill with them.
What about Orange Shitgibbons?

There is a special exhibit now at the Washington zoo. No one I've met can explain the bizarre behaviors.
>Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females and rape them.


Oh, kinda like male "feminist activists".

We really are close relatives, aren't we.
Animals don't "rape". Its stupid to apply a concept like rape to what is a natural function of certain species. They do not have the same capacities or moralities we do. Its like saying "lionesses sneak up on zebras and VICIOUSLY MURDER THEM"

Its hunting, not murder. Its procreative mating, not rape. Squirrels dont 'burglerize' trees
One patient did that and now you're generalizing them all? How dare you!
>Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females

*coughnumalescough*
Can’t be sweet **and** want to mate?
The only thing sweet about orangutans are Tang
All this time I was under the impression the red flower was fire when in reality it was actually labia
ya *na*sty
I wanna be like you-oo-oo!

I wanna walk like you

Talk like you

Ooh ooh ooh!

https://youtu.be/9JDzlhW3XTM
I was King Louie in a teen production. I loved that play. 😁
XD
"Sexual activity generally plays a major role in bonobo society, being used as what some scientists perceive as a greeting, a means of forming social bonds, a means of conflict resolution, and postconflict reconciliation.[41][4] Bonobos are the only non-human animal to have been observed engaging in tongue kissing.[42] Bonobos and humans are the only primates to typically engage in face-to-face genital sex, although a pair of western gorillas has been photographed in this position.[43]"


From Wikipedia.
Why would you hope that an orangutan was sexually attracted to a human?
Well Lumberg fucked her...
Orangutans and gorillas seem pretty chill most of the time. I feel like gorillas are probably a lot more chill around people than chimpanzees, which seem like little fucking assholes.
Our rat terrier cross smiled spontaneously sometimes after we’d return home after being gone for a while. The facial expression seems to be somewhat common with Rat Terriers, and a number of those who don’t do it spontaneously, can be coaxed to do it pretty easily.
the accurate guy? id rather be that guy
Let me rephrase.

What I mean by “not wanting to be *that* guy” is that I know that I’m going to be killing the mood/buzzing the vibe/ending the magic that a lot of people got from this gif.

I knew I would trigger some people *ahem* with that post but I think what can be learned from it outweighs the cognitive dissonance it causes some people.

In conclusion I’m just trying to get people to be more cognizant of *how* they think, not of *what* they think

✌️
Ignorance is bliss, but science is a hell of a drug and I’m fucking mainlining that shit
I am not an expert and I'm not even an armchair enthusiast, but I know humans have very sensitive lips - more sensory nerves than even in like fingertips sometimes/for some people. It can be instinctual to "kiss" something, feel it with your lips, to get a better read on like, texture, size, density, etc. With my limited scope of biology and that information in mind, I would imagine the orangutan kinda forgot about the glass for a second and was trying to feel the woman's belly with the most sensitive part of his body, since the fingertips weren't revealing the information he was curious about due to the glass.

I could be way off base here.
If you click to show by best comments you will see that a poster by the name of u/primatepolice did post. 4th one down.
For all we know that orangutan is feeling an emotion/connection that is so much more prolific and deep than the human like affection we instinctively and anthropomorphically assume.

This orangutan could be experiencing a connection so profound that a human can only share the experience by smoking DMT. This orangutan could be experiencing an ego-less state of consciousness, it no longer has an “I”, the feeling of where the body ends and the environment starts has merged into one, it’s realizing that it’s composed of atoms that are mostly made up by space, that’s there’s no true separation between it and the matter around him, that “I” am simply an abstract idea that is able to be conscious *that I am conscious* 

You and this orangutan are the fabric and structure of the universe itself, both of your existence is absolutely fundamental and if one single particle in our entire universe was to magically cease to exist the fabric of all that is everything would be ripped apart.

If you made it this far through my ramble, then https://imgur.com/XjjW2Gb
Orangutans are sentient. I doubt it thinks this chick's belly is a fucking melon.
I’m not trying to say that the orangutan is or isn’t feeling a particular way or is or is or isn’t portraying a certain behavior.

I just trying to get people to be more conscious about *how* they think and to question how they came to a certain answer or belief, in all aspects of their lives.

Fun example: people will subconsciously change their beliefs and attitudes about something to match up to their behaviors.

If I wanted you to like me, I wouldn’t go and buy you ice cream. I would get *you* to go buy me ice cream. 

As your driving back with my ice cream you may think, “hey I actually really like this dude”. This thought would go in-line with your behavior/action of getting me ice cream.

On the way back if you came to the conclusion that I sucked, then you would feel like an idiot because you’re getting me ice cream and your beliefs about me wouldn’t like up with your actions/behavior.

Get someone to do you a favor if you’re trying to befriend them.
https://i.imgur.com/PFWZs3O_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium
Nothing in this video tells me it fails to comprehend there’s an “invisible wall” there any more than the pregnant chick is failing to comprehend it. There’s nothing in its body language that looks like it actually expects to touch her stomach through the glass, as much as it’s just trying to interact with her as much as possible, knowing the glass is there.

It’s not like two humans who interact through a window  don’t know the glass is there, yet they might behave in the exact same way.
You’re trying to pass freaking *Inside Edition* as a credible source of information??

That’s literally no different than linking to a random comment in this thread that has someone speculating about what the orangutans are doing.

It certainly could be kissing, but I just haven’t found any *peer reviewed* journal articles on the subject.

I mean you have to wonder why/how kissing arose through evolution. I’ve heard a theory that kissing helps build the two parties immune systems
Lol sure, but most "smiling" dog videos involve them super excited over a toy or someone coming home and has a lot more body language indicating that they're pretty hyped up. We just focus on the "smile" to try to humanize them to something relatable because smiles make us happy even with inanimate objects, but the dogs are actually happy, just through other body language-- If people kept fucking up the emotional states of dogs, there would probably be a ton more dog bites, dogs are usually pretty clear when they're pissed off.

Honestly the fact that we misattribute a "smile" as being happy is probably part of why we successfully domesticated dogs to begin with.

When it gets obnoxious is when someone fixates on the idea of proving someone wrong and is obsessed that a clearly happy dog must be a basket case because they read some internet article telling them that smiles = distress and hyperfixate on it instead of using context and multiple body cues, which is a lot harder and takes more actual knowledge.
How would you even study this? Aren’t there a bunch of studies that dogs are supposed to have evolved to read our emotions? Evolved to respond to pointing. But not smiling, no way.. I hear this argument and I just can’t agree with it. My dog “smiles” while getting belly rubs and when he’s a stoked boy, and also when he’s hot. Those things aren’t mutually exclusive and I’m not convinced a bunch of scientist would make my dog “smile” for there study to then write a paper and convince you that it does in fact indicate he’s happy. I’m sure they could make the dog anxious or hot for that paper though...
For all we know that orangutan is feeling an emotion/connection that is so much more prolific and deep than the human like affection we instinctively and anthropomorphically assume.

This orangutan could be experiencing a connection so profound that a human can only share the experience by smoking DMT. This orangutan could be experiencing an ego-less state of consciousness, it no longer has an “I”, the feeling of where the body ends and the environment starts has merged into one, it’s realizing that it’s composed of atoms that are mostly made up by space, that’s there’s no true separation between it and the matter around him, that “I” am simply an abstract idea that is able to be conscious *that I am conscious* 

You and this orangutan are the fabric and structure of the universe itself, both of your existence is absolutely fundamental and if one single particle in our entire universe was to magically cease to exist the fabric of all that is everything would be ripped apart.

If you made it this far through my ramble, then https://imgur.com/XjjW2Gb
For all we know that orangutan is feeling an emotion/connection that is so much more prolific and deep than the human like affection we instinctively and anthropomorphically assume.

This orangutan could be experiencing a connection so profound that a human can only share the experience by smoking DMT. This orangutan could be experiencing an ego-less state of consciousness, it no longer has an “I”, the feeling of where the body ends and the environment starts has merged into one, it’s realizing that it’s composed of atoms that are mostly made up by space, that’s there’s no true separation between it and the matter around him, that “I” am simply an abstract idea that is able to be conscious *that I am conscious* 

You and this orangutan are the fabric and structure of the universe itself, both of your existence is absolutely fundamental and if one single particle in our entire universe was to magically cease to exist the fabric of all that is everything would be ripped apart.

If you made it this far through my ramble, then https://imgur.com/XjjW2Gb
Believe it or not a lot of people think learning is fun and like to challenge their own beliefs
For all we know that orangutan is feeling an emotion/connection that is so much more prolific and deep than the human like affection we instinctively and anthropomorphically assume.

This orangutan could be experiencing a connection so profound that a human can only share the experience by smoking DMT. This orangutan could be experiencing an ego-less state of consciousness, it no longer has an “I”, the feeling of where the body ends and the environment starts has merged into one, it’s realizing that it’s composed of atoms that are mostly made up by space, that’s there’s no true separation between it and the matter around him, that “I” am simply an abstract idea that is able to be conscious *that I am conscious* 

You and this orangutan are the fabric and structure of the universe itself, both of your existence is absolutely fundamental and if one single particle in our entire universe was to magically cease to exist the fabric of all that is everything would be ripped apart.

If you made it this far through my ramble, then https://imgur.com/XjjW2Gb
Why do you hate that phrasing?
Downvoted hmmm guess I missed where I went OT 😂 Redditors are a fickle bunch. 

Maybe some clarification.   This clip shows a creature definitely showing human like traits of being social, curious and mostblikely genuinely caring. 

My noting of transference is making a the point of how any too many posts are full of transference (not this one per se). 

Some dog dressed up as a princess doesn't give the dog joy, it gives the "owner" joy. 

Our furry companions (primates excepted) view the world in radically different ways than we do. That doesn't mean they don't have or cannot display feelings  and humans often misattribute the causes of these feelings in our companions.
Done! [Here](https://imgur.com/a/bGexKJM) is Jocko trying to lift up my shirt to get a good look at my bellybutton. He’d then take the stick back and give it a good sniff, or give it to you so you could use it to give him some nice back scratches.
Make that 2
Your attention sustains me.
Delivered. Nice one.
I was volunteering in a humid climate, literally sweeping up primate poo all day. I agree it’s not my best look, but I took clothes that I didn’t mind getting feces on, not ones to wear to a fashion show.
You're like an internet Jane Goodall. I love it.
Maybe they called him that because of his habit of dive-bombing the zoo keepers at feeding time
that’s what OP meant though
"What kind of a name is Bryce, Shannon?"
"They're just called divorces."
Bruce Maxwell, Ape Attorney! This fall on ABC!
/r/totallyexpectedoffice
That boy ain't defined!
Am I Pregnarnt?
Hold my baby, I’m goin- ...damnit
I actually loved gore magala, one of my favorites from 4. As for the tundra map, they can always make/use desert variations of the monsters. Gigginox and kezu can probably be in rotten vale tbh. Hell, I'd love it if they added a beefed up Lao shan.
Yeah, at first I wasn't sure, then I realized it was a human caterpillar with the end segment possessing an inflamed anus.
10 seconds? Jesus, I stared at it in horror for a good minute.
I was like, that's a funky assortment of butternut squash.
fuck me, took me a minute.
Who would have though ears look like arses.
Holy shit me too, lol
Guilty. Took me a solid 30 seconds.
That's a lot quicker than it took me the first time I saw that image
Thank christ I wasnt the only one
god this one fucks me up
Reminds me of something I would see at r/badtaxidermy
I don't get it, can someone explain what that is?
Lmao.  That's funny!
Wtf am I looking at
"Oh no, it's retarded."
Frick on a stick that freaked me out
that's one ugly ass dog
the top looks like an extremely deformed dog initially, I was like oh god, what happened to that thing? Jesus-- ohhhhhhhhhhh
I can’t figure this out..
Ed.... ward
Anyone else have this surreal moment where you felt like your facial recognition software was malfunctioning? :P
https://i.imgur.com/Y8THKg9.png help for those who dont see
Wtf? How are people misinterpreting this? I spent like 2 minutes looking at it wondering what’s so odd and then read the comments - and somehow people aren’t seeing that at first?
Holy crap that was a weird one.
It took me 20 solid minutes of staring at this to see it
this one and the other one of the bald guy and the baby are the only two pics that have made me sit there for a good while and try to figure it out
Read all the comments, tilted every direction, still can't see anything but s terrifying dog with giant puffed out eyes. Anyone have a visual aid?
Please tell me there's a subreddit for pictures like this
Its like a demented sock puppet dog
Shit looks like something outta "The Thing"
It's like a Picasso painting. I'm seeing so many angles at once.
I don't see any anuses at all in that one.
Topless bald man leaning down to kiss a baby
Its a bald guy kissing a baby. The anus is an ear.
The guy is bald. What looks like the left ass cheek is actually is head.
**PLEASE**
You're not the only one! u/AWildSketchAppeared thought the same! http://i.imgur.com/gqlGx7G.jpg

Edit: His mind is a lot darker. [NSFW]
r/confusing_perspective

http://reddit.com/r/confusing_perspective/comments/8rjqsq/i_dont_like_kids_either_but_damn/
He's wearing pants. His torso goes off to the right
You. Are not welcome
Thanks for not trying.
No. You are welcome
Shit, bud. I thought it was a butt too...
Rule 34
A little too late to hold the monkey, given her current state.
Ape*
Hold my baby, I'm going in!
Hello Snuffy... oh wait, you're not Snuffy!
Too far.
They can pick up the sports channels with them
Looks like mating and communicating.
http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20151027-new-insights-into-strange-faced-orangutans
Sexual selection
The aunt on my mom's side doubted I was her brother's child for a solid 15 seconds. Then was like, "yep. You have his eyes." 

(The first time I met her was this year, 5 months after his death.))
Okay, I'm genuinely curious: How? I know zoos have breeding programs, but for example a German zoo breeding elephants in captivity will never be able to send them to the African wilderness to help the species. They're in no way trained for the wild, quite the opposite usually. Or does conservation just mean "We'll still have some to look at when Africa doesn't"? 

I can see how zoos might be able to help with local species, but that's about it.
Please make sure your zoo treats it's animals right that's all I ask
> Zoos are not run by big bad monopoly men squeezing animals into sterile cells for your amusement.

I dunno that sure is what it looks like. I have never seen a cage/enclosure big enough for a big cat, they are always crammed into a tiny space staring into the walls blankly. I'm sure these AZA/EAZA guidelines make sure the animals get fed and recieve medical care, but their habitat is still borderline torture. Same thing with Elephants, I went to a zoo last week and there was an Elephant on it's own in a tiny enclosure, you can't convince me it has a good quality of life.

Do normal zoo's breed and release endangered species? I was under the impression animals bred in captivity stay in captivity.
As opposed to?
Oh that’s cool! I have two zoos in my area, and only one is that way. The other one is way bigger and nicer, but sad.
At the San Diego zoo, at least
Did you ask any zoo staff members? I would have asked them why it's locked. Zoo workers are meant to know what animals need, i hate when I hear stories like this because it shows they clearly don't
Ok so you weren't using rape as a metaphor... Interesting
Ya but humans rape orangutans as well... Maybe they just want revenge 😵
I actually wish that article was longer. I love learning about why all or some of humanity behave in the way they do, and if it's related to our primate ancestry. The good and the bad.
 Bad news always makes it to the top. The "it happened or can happen so they're bad and we should be fearful" is the same poor logic way overused these days.
it’s not about being good or bad though, it’s ultimately about the needs of the animals. from the article: When it comes to certain things, however, there are still irreconcilable differences between zoos, parks, and animals' natural habitats. On the issue of space, the average lion or tiger has 18,000 times less in captivity than it does in the wild; polar bears a million times less. To say this adversely affects the animal is an understatement: In 2008, a government-funded study in the UK discovered there was a welfare concern over every elephant in the country; 75 percent of them were overweight, and only 16 percent could walk normally. African elephants also live three times longer in the wild than they do in captivity, and 40 percent of lion cubs die in zoos, compared with 30 percent in the wild. That may sound like a similar figure, but consider that a third of the reasons they die—predators being a big one—in the wild are absent in zoos.
i mean, it’s not just about what zookeepers have to do  to keep up with an animals’ needs though. it’s about what is truly best for animals, and not only our selfish human interests. i don’t expect to change your mind, that’s just my opinion.
Okay. So *some* animals being put in zoos thousands of miles away from their natural climate/habitat can be seen as good as we're saving them from destruction that we cause, but this is a minority scenario and does not excuse the industry as a whole.
Every which way but loose.
That one gorrillaz song.... maybe.
Lol.  You should look up "every which way but loose".
He's got an orangutan in one of his movies.
Every one of 'em's bad, except you!
They are pretty good. I'm trying not to give up on people entirely so that may be as good a reason as any
Not really. Animals only shown the concept of "rank" but no ego and do definitely fight their enemies but dont premeditate attacks on non threat targets. nothing worse than people.
Doesn't that logic applies to your argument too?

"I went to a nice zoo, therefore all zoos are good".

Captivity isn't the solution. There are many options like natural reserves so animals don't live their fucking lives confined in a small cage entertaining humans for profit.
I've been to many zoos, that was just an example. I didn't mean "one time". 

Also, you can do alot of reading about zoos online, and watch many documentaries about zoos online. You can also study animals in university, and you can work with and experience wild animals all over the world, all of which I have done.
>Yes, they are. But zoos also educate. They teach people about animals hands on.

So can the internet. You don't have to gawk at them in cages to educate yourself on animals. 

>Most zoo animals are happy. There’s thousands of cases of zoo animals getting out of their enclosures, only to return because they’re happy in their homes. Their home has everything they could ever want/need

This is called conditioning, not happiness. It's very hard, nearly impossible, to tell if a conditioned animal is actually happy or if it just doesn't know any better life. 

>Abundance of clean good food, endless water, shelter, places to roam, all the care they could ever need, no worry of getting hurt. Zoo animals are very happy. 

Again, conditioning. 

>Wildlife sanctuaries are not much different.

Yes they are. At least they have some semblance of freedom in somewhat of a natural environment.

Again, I went to this zoo that had a very good record. I saw a polar bear that was kept in a cooled down glass box. I watched it for 30 minutes, it paced back in forth in the same route, then it got to eat, then it got to sleep. Then I assume it woke up and did the same thing over again, and again, and again, and again.

That's not happy, that's just giving an animal everything they need to keep it content. Conditioning.
> Please stop bashing Zoos.
Yeah exactly free the animals. You have the Internet now. You don’t need animals in cages to be educated about them
I think the more important question here is: how many people were killed by Gary Busey on a bender?

I shutter to think about Gary Busey on a bender with an orangutan - who may also be on a bender.
I know you are triggered because you take the time to downvote me.
Ok, I'm really not in the mood for a conversation about this, just google genetic studies on apes and also behavior studies, and keep going from there
Exactly. So why spend more money on extra strong glass? If and when such a thing happens, they'll settle the lawsuit (with the money saved all this time) and then maybe use stronger glass.
Best case of username checking out I’ve seen in a while—quite unusual too!
It's unidan and the raven vs jackdaws all over again.
I’m really disappointed the phrase “Ape Rape” wasn’t used
Good work, Johnson! Now sprinkle some bananas on him and let's get out of here.
does your username check out for /anything/???
I’m fucking crying Hahahaha
Yeah, I can hear their inner monologue. "Friendzone me, will ya? Fuck that shit!! Keeyaaai!"
Cuttlefish do something similar but without the rape, since it's anatomically difficult for a male cuttlefish to rape anything. Small males pull in their specialized extra tentacles (which females lack) and adopt female posture and coloration so that the larger males won't harass them when they get close to the females. then they find a girl they like, get her alone so the other males won't interrupt, do a mesmerizing mating dance involving rapidly changing the colors on their bodies, and the male hands her a little baggie full of his sperm for her to do what she wants with. then she selects from among various sperm samples she has at her disposal, usually using more than one partner's genetic material, and fertilizes and lays her eggs. Then they both die! :D
It’s not spoken about too much, but the animal kingdom has lots and lots of rape going on.
They ain't about dat friendzone
Rape ape sounds like an x-rated version of Grape Ape.
Incels.
nonono  

"Males who haven't hit their second puberty look like females and engage in mimicry to get close to females" ( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)

"and rape them" Cool
Is this how fuckbois work?
Some male cuttlefish will use their active camo to appear like females to avoid the whole dominance/heiarchy politics that the other males engage in so they can slip on by and slip their seed to the females.
The kinkiest of the apes
not sweet talkers since its less sexual and more social
> bonobo


https://www.gettyimages.com/detail/photo/bonobo-leisure-royalty-free-image/564613319
they do much more than talking.
Really just depends on what you're looking for in a primate.
I can only imagine what the orangutans think of humans: “Wtf is wrong with these primitive beings, don’t they know that’s shit? Why are they playing with it?”
I don't think those guys look like women, and they certainly never manage to get close to one.
I would say male feminists; incels struggle with the 'get close to females' part
You know, the reason we all hate those guys is because they think of women as "people."

Maybe the world would be a better place if nobody ever thought of people as "people."

Change starts at home.
M’rangutan
/r/NiceOrangutans
Well, I'm off to go fall down a rabbit hole of That's So Raven nostalgia
I'on care
Seriously though that's in a tie for my favorite Disney movie with Sword and the Stone. That era of Disney films was the best of the 2d in my opinion. I love the art style and the jazzy soundtracks.
Not sure why you got downvoted
Mostly about the smooth talkin part. I certainly could've worded that better
Dangerous question.
Why would you want to know the answer to that?
[You're not that guy. You're not that guy.
 I am that guy.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/-gqNmFTUHo8/hqdefault.jpg)
The guy who thinks he's accurate guy.  The guy didn't provide any scientific proof or sources.

People love being the guy who thinks he's more accurate than others.
I come to the comments for information in the likes of which you posted.


Be that guy.
Ignorance is bliss... oh boy you must be the happiest guy in the room.

Fun example:

The trick is to make yourself THINK that other people think you're smart, even if they don't.

Actually being smart isn't where it's at. The real way is convincing yourself you're extremely smart, and you have all possible social interactions figured out. 

People actually adore being 'figured out' very quickly and they will stop trying to outsmart you and begin to purr. That's how you make friends. 

Its pretty awesome and you're just fucking mainlining it.
Not a bad guess.
Reddit would be carbon neutral if we could only harness the power of the whoosh.
I'm stoned out of my mind and had all the regrets for smoking this much weed on a work night but damn that was a great comment. I know if I looked at it tomorrow (sober) I'd see it as no different than one's daily BS zodiac thing but right now, it hits the spot. 

In all seriousness though, I do get the gist of it and agree with the basic premise. We can't possibly know what they feel and it could be way more complex than we can even imagine.
This is beautiful. Sometimes I feel/wonder if being on hallucinogens is similar to what other animals experience.

There is no distinction between us, and the rest of the universe. It's an illusion. We're all on the event horizon of the singularity.

Thanks friend.
Baby bump? Fucking Melon?

No need to bicker. There are plenty of cute euphemisms to go around.
So, how is reading Dale Carnegie and life in High School treating you currently?
When the dog lips move it looks like a smile to us. It actually signifies their derision for our pathetic recourse to anthropomorphism.
The fuck? Stoned guy here again. That just blew my mind. brb making friends.
What is a kiss? Lips pressed against someone else. That's quite literally, physically speaking, all a kiss it.

Emotionally, it's a means of showing affection, even when it's a non-romantic kiss.

Do orangutans display affection? It's pretty hard to claim they don't. They have tight social bonds. (Edit: Among mothers and babies, at least.)

Do they press their lips against each other as a show of affection? Quite a lot of photographs and videos suggest they do.

Do they kiss? [My guess is yes.](https://imgur.com/gallery/Tphfpq1)
Honestly, it doesn't bother me when people do it with dogs (like you said, the "smile" generally accompanies actual happy behaviour), but cats are another story. A really common thing you see on /r/aww are owners uploading photos of their panicked cats "smiling" on car trips with titles like, "Luna really loves car trips! Look at that smile!".

[example 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1ll43e/recently_adopted_a_cat_and_she_really_really/)

[example 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5178dc/had_to_move_my_cat_into_the_new_house_so_i_put/)

At least when dogs are "smiling", it's generally accompanying happy behaviour. Cats "smiling" (see: panting) is a really obvious marker of distress. The owners are either aware of this and being disingenuous, or worryingly ignorant of their animal's body language - but the end result either way is an unrestrained, panicked cat in a 2-tonne speeding metal object.
>How would you even study this?

I’m not sure, I’m simply speculating. I wanted to get peoples minds going and see what they thought.
Because I am not a dog owner. My dog is a companion and a member of the family. I am responsible for her but I certainly do not own her. :)
Lol what a silly dude
Hahahaa, hes a weirdo
This just made my night. I wonder if orangutans have belly buttons (innies or outies!?)?
 Cheeky monkey!  (I know, ape, doesn't have the  ring to it.)
When can I visit? July is OK?
You need to post this. Cos I guarantee you someone else will.
Omg. Are you Jean Ralphio???
Learning how to use tools? Check. 

Learning to use them for the ladies? Check.
lul
Yeah I figured as much. Just trying to make a funny like master splinter. 20/25 years ago I volunteered at the Santa Barbara zoo to clean up some areas like the meerkat section and capybara section. Always wore shit clothes and had a blast cleaning the meerkat area and having them pop their heads up to see what was happening and my friend and I running over to try to pet them before they went back under. Real life whack-a-~~mole~~meerkat. Fun times. Oh to be a child again.

edit: That friend that I did the Santa Barbara zoo summer camp with eventually ended up getting married at the santa barbara zoo. It was great. Everyone got to feed the giraffes with their long, long, oh so long tongues. Lots of jokes were made about honeymoons and sex and whatnot with the giraffes insanely long tongue.
This one put me over the edge and I laughed so loud I woke up my dog.
My brothers name is Bryce
If I have a kid, I will call them Bryce-Shannon.
"Shut up Shannon"
Nah, an ape divorce is similar, but has slightly less shit flinging.
Did someone say bird law?
Blobby, from now on when I ask you how your day was, what I mean is 'how was your shape'?"
No, [pregananant](https://youtu.be/EShUeudtaFg)
ARE YOU SHITING ON MY CHILD?
I like how our innate reaction is to not look away
It was about 5 seconds of just horifying trauma.
I’ve seen this before and it still got me.
I had a “whoa, that b-hole is way too close to the baby” moment.
20 more seconds of horror when I realized it was a pregnant belly #childfree
Yes!! Same here
The poor mangled breast.
NOPE! Chuck Testa!
I didn’t know I needed this sub in my life until now. Thanks.
We like to call that taxiderpy
Tilt your head to the left.
the one dog is turning its head sideways
the head is sideways. Freaked me out
My brain interpreted the nose as an eye.  I assume it happened to the rest of the people who commented too
Turn the picture upside down, you should be able to see it then.
Holy shit!
That shirt....
Zoos that are accredited by the AZA follow a very strict set of guidelines that assure the facilities are more than up to par for the animals they house, and often times those animals are rescued or born into captivity meaning they wouldn't survive in the wild even if they were offered the chance.  

A lot of these sames zoos are also non-profit, and all the money they make go right back into the animals, facilities, wildlife conservation, research etc.  They also help bread endangered species and re-introduce them into the wild.  The list goes on.
Then I'm not sure what zoo you've been to. AZA guidelines are strict on the 5400 square feet of floor space required *per elephant*, and that's not counting additional indoor space as well.

It's possible you went to a zoo that has an outdated exhibit designed in the mid 20th century or so, that is in the process of being phased out or renovated. If not, and it's as small as you described, it's not an AZA facility.

And the majority of captive-bred animals stay in captivity, where they continue to breed and increase the population. A higher captive population means more genetic support can be lended to endangered populations in the wild.

However, amounts of captive animals are also released, sometimes bringing the animal back from extinction in the wild; see the black-footed ferret, scimitar oryx, and golden lion tamarins, for instance. It's much more common with smaller animals, such as reptiles and amphibians (which are more threatened than ever).
As opposed to happy?

Shitty bot
No idea. I totally have no clue what the opposite of sad is so I can’t answer that for you.
Most zoos
And many other zoos as well. I volunteered at the Oakland Zoo, they had an old tiger who did that because of the circus they rescued her from.
No, I don't think we asked anybody about it. The camel was also just standing right at it's gate when we went by waiting to go in its pen. It was kind of nice that the kangaroos and wallabies had a large, grassy, open area where they could lounge and I was surprise that there were no barriers between them and people. I did also feel bad for a lot of the snakes and lizard because they were in really small terrariums so that you could easy see them. I'm sure it's hard to find that perfect balance, but the entire day just kind of made us sad.
Which makes the person getting raped by an Orang feel much better. 

They're wild animals, not cuddly teddy bears. They should be treated like it because...clearly....they have the capacity to harm people.
Some species don't do well in captivity, but again, that doesn't mean that the zoo *as a whole* is bad or that it's impossible to improve animal welfare.
> but this is a minority scenario

Educate yourself
“‘Cause when we get behind closed doors...”
But people smell better than reindeer
Do you have any idea how much money a zoo makes compared to a sanctuary? Guess what, it's a hell of a lot more and that money is always reinvested into conservation and improving habitats inside the zoo.

You take away zoos and congrats you just killed off a few species and lessen conservations efforts in the wild.

AZA exists to make sure the "cages" are large enough to not cause any issues with the animal. You and that other freak have no idea what you are talking about and seriously need to educated yourself on what you are trying to talk about.
You're so full of shit it's leaking into your comments.
Well, I don’t know what zoos you visit. But not good ones. Sorry you believe that dude. I stand by my point. 

Zoos are what have made me adore animals. Zoos are what gave me such a deep appreciation of animals I’d never otherwise get to see in person.
That was the one place and I hit caps by mistake. I’m on my phone.
Okay... you argued the lesser of the two main points of my snarky comment.
“But I want to bring little timmy to the zoo so we can feed the giraffes for educational purposes!!”
Is.....is this meta?
There it is.
...for which we have gorillas, chimps (to whom we are more closely related, by the way), and a host of other animals, not to mention the fact that we can do psychological studying on groups of people.

So, no, we don't *need* orangutans "*for science*"
The solution is clear, we need to spend more money on glass research.
You must not have seen that 'shouts name during sex' thread then
Here's the thing...
RIP Unidan...banished to the shadow realm. I still had so much to learn from him...too bad.
Putting the ape in rape and in the ape
The Laugh Olympics
It never has ;(
Orangutans. The NiceGuys of the great apes.
> Keeyaaai

Is that orangutan for "IMMA RAPE YA!"?
orangutan Howard Dean
Tale as old as time...
Take it easy - it’s just locker room talk, perfectly harmless and entirely normal.
There's never been an example of verbal *or written* or any other kind of consent between animals.
\#lifegoals
Fuck all day erryday.  Bonobos are what humans reincarnate into if they were good in life.
TFW you realize the orangutans are studying us studying their shit to study them...
And here we judge Chimps throwing feces
I have a question that sounds silly, but I'm being serious:

Am I wrong to think that - rather than the whole thing being an exercise in envious disparagement - a lot of them are just closeted gay guys who are troubled by their sexuality? I'm a pretty openminded person, but I just don't see how any straight man would want to live in a woman-free society.
Does “people” have some meaning I don’t know?
Found the incel.
Tips face flange
*tips treelby*
M'gibbon.
My hopes crushed by another fake subreddit
Amazing scene. So glad Amazon picked it up.
donkey balls.
Is that accurate or are you just that guy?

Where's your proof about what people love? Your scientific data?
What are you talking about lol the orangutan isn’t even a female. This isn’t a motherly video at all.
it would show that he understood something interesting was going on with the belly, but maybe not the knowledge of pregnancy and that it was a baby.

Are orangutans likely to kiss wounds?
Did I just get r/whoosh ed?
If I'm too nice I can't properly express my disgust with anthropocentrism.
Sure, orangutans have belly buttons. I mean, the umbilical cord  is not a human-only thing, that's placental mammals in general.  Cats have belly buttons. etc  

For animals in the wild, won't be some doctor carefully tying it off, so the belly buttons may not be as neat as a human belly button, may just seem like some sort of a scar. And may be obscured by fur. But it's basically the same thing.

https://pets.thenest.com/kittens-belly-buttons-10165.html

Even non-mammals that come from eggs can have something slightly akin to a belly button, from where the yolk attached.

https://www.audubon.org/news/question-do-birds-have-belly-buttons
Just don’t let The Librarian hear you.
You can go all year round! And I highly recommend you do. Great facilities for visitors to stay in, worthwhile work to do, cool animals and people to hang around with. https://ecoteer.com/care-rescued-animals-indonesia/
Is the dog okay?
What the hell Shannon
Is your mother's name shannon
"This attitude is why I'm leaving you, Shannon."
That video never ceases to be funny.
Is it Friday already?!
ARE YOU **NOT?!?**
Man I missed this one
shhhh, the librarians gonna get mad again
Wassss I not supposed too?
Your head turns, but your eyes stay locked
I always have to re-figure out what's wrong with the picture.
Fruit can be [deceiving] (https://imgur.com/UElKm8F). NSFW? Who knows...
Holy shit I completely forgot about that meme.
this is the first time my mind has ever been blown by these type of pictures 

I thought it was a combination of two dogs lmao
I still just see a dog kind of laying on it's back looking at the closest dog to the camera.
I couldn’t figure it out, read your comment and tilted left. A good five minutes later and I still didn’t see it. And then I did. It was so satisfying! That one stumped me bad. Thanks for the hint!
I finally got it. Even once you said its sideways I was like ummm..
I, for the life of me, can’t discern what it is. Any other hints?
Took me a while too :)
> the facilities are more than up to par for the animals they house

I've never seen enclosures big enough for big cats, they are always far too small. Same for any big animals tbh, Elephants, Rhinos etc. The guidelines are obviously not very good considering they can have a pride of lions in half an acre of field.
What are you even talking about? Are you saying because they are wild animals they should be kept in cages for our safety? Because that's exactly what it sounds like, since my argument is for why they shouldn't be in them. "Orangutans attacked 2 people, trap them all and put them in zoos, guilty or not".
the point is, natural habitats, in reference to the amount of space available to an animal *cannot* be replicated within the confines of a zoo. the most humane thing to do would be to give zoo animals, at least limited freedom, in sanctuaries or wildlife rehabilitation centers. also, from the article- Psychologically, the effects continue: In the UK, 54 percent of elephants experience behavioral problems, and lions spend 48 percent of their time pacing, a sign of behavioral problems, with animals in captivity frequently displaying this "stereotypy," a repetitive or ritualized behavior caused by the boredom of confinement. Other examples include excessive licking, self-mutilation, and trunk-swinging. Depression is also common among animals if they're harassed by visitors, their food variety is lacking or their need to mate is unmet or delayed.
Ah yes, the surefire way of winning an argument - being condescending and dismissive.
Sven, don't you think I'm right?
What does that even mean? Why are you so hostile?

Shouldn't you be paying money to watch some cage animals entertain you? I hear the dolphins can even do tricks for you!
Well good for you, but know those animals you pay to gawk at in cages are not how animals are supposed to act. Giving an animal everything it needs so it stays content with its life  is not natural, that's not how animals are supposed to live.

Good for you for educating yourself on animals, it's sad you couldn't just pick up a book and do it. It's so sad that you actually believe an animal that is conditioned to remian content while humans gawk at them for 8 hours a day is 'happiness'. Perhaps if you did pick up a book, you would have an real appreciation for animals, and you would realize that is not what happiness looks like
Maybe one dayz you will understand that zoos are evil. It doesn't matter what your intentions are but the journey for the animals is bad.
It was the very first sentence, and you took the time to _incorrectly_ correct my correction. You’re one of those people who can never admit to being wrong, aren’t you?
Was science and education the other part? I just said you have the Internet. If you’re interested in animals, then google them. They don’t need to suffer in cages just to satisfy your curiosity
Gary Busey is the meta in all of our slipstreams.

We all know his touch.
I bet you feel so good downvoting me.  You have no control of your life because you live with your parents but you can downvote people on Reddit who you disagree with.  Just keep on blaming the system because you are an idiot.  I am sure supporting another idiot as President will make your life better
Yeah you're right
Which I guess the gibbons win too?
Link?
...Here's the Thing.  We were talking apes, primates, etc.  If you're saying "ape family" you're referring to the taxonomic order of primates, which includes things from gorillas to mouse lemurs.  

So your reasoning for calling a gibbon a ape is because random people "call the ones with tails monkeys?"  Let's get baboons and neanderthals in there, then, too.

Also, calling someone a human or an ape?  It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works.  They're both.  A gibbon is a gibbon, and a member of the primate order, but that's not what you said.  You said a gibbon is an ape, which is not true, unless you're okay with calling all members of the ape family apes, which means you'd call baboons , neanderthals, and other humans apes, too.  Which you said you don't.  

It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know?

*God I hope they put this into a planet of the apes remake with bright eyes and Dr Cornealeus.   It would be the first major movie Easter egg copy pasta, and it wouldn't need to be shoehorned into a plotline.
Username checks out...
Wow, that happened in 2014? Seems like just yesterday. Wtf.
Not too bad. He completely deserved his banishment.
He's still on here but wants to be left alone.
G. Rape Ape, at your service
[M'lady.](https://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/2726209/size/tmg-article_tall.jpg)
***The great rapes
Right? All you have to do is ask them.
Great Rapes
>of the great apes.

of the rape apes.

FTFY
> [u/primatepolice](https://www.reddit.com/user/primatepolice), arrest this orangutan/   
>  
>He talks in maths/  
He buzzes like a fridge/  
He's like a faux female
I just tried my hardest to put myself in the mindset of a somewhat mature, feminine male orangutan's mind. Those were the first words that came to me. If I had to guess... "Keeyaaai" would roughly translate to "You like that??!" (SMH, wtf is wrong with me?)
It was what they based Patrick Swayze’s character on in ‘Dirty Dancing’.
The chimps are just trying to help us out the whole time
Hmm. I can't really say I agree with Incels on damn anything, but your comment reminded me of something.

I definitely wouldn't want to live in a society without women but as to why one might want such a thing...

There was a story of a pedophile who made a deal for a lesser sentence, but he had to willingly agree to undergo chemical castration. It is almost exactly what it sounds like. Technical jargon aside, his sex drive was reduced to Zero. When asked by some researchers if he missed sex, what he said really stood out to me as interesting, if a little fucked up.

"I don't miss sex but I miss missing sex. I know that I should want this thing, that wanting it is 'normal' (though his preference in age certainly wasn't.) But I just don't find it interesting anymore." He reported that he was amazed at how much time he formerly spent thinking about sex, and that he spent all that time pursuing hobbies and an education. Basically, not wanting sex/thinking about sex have him an abundance of free time to do other things.

I don't think I would want to give up sex, but I certainly think the observation of how much time humans spend in pursuing sex is definitely interesting when it comes from someone removed from that desire.
I'd guess it's more a coping mechanism. "No chicks like me? Well *I* don't like them either!" Kinda like the you can't fire me because I quit shpiel.

The moment a chick shows actual interest in them they'd do a 180 real fast
You don't think there was significance in the use of quotation marks? It's clearly implying they aren't actually people.
Seriously? Dude, WTF, he just said that incel’s problem is that they dehumanize women, and that dehumanizing then in turn is similarly messed up. Not only is he clearly not an incel himself but is saying don’t do the same thing that makes them awful, that just makes you awful too.
/r/subsyoufellfor
She's got mad drops though.
We must know!
I think so but that five minutes really cut in to her 16 hours of sleep for the day.
Is YOUR mothers name Shannon?
I watched it thinking it would be a dumb ripoff of the “how is babby formed” meme.

I cried the first time I watched it. Have you seen the sequel? [Curse of the Weggy Board](https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw)
I still can’t see it?!
I’m still lost. Are there not two, separate dog’s heads in this pic? I tilted my head every which way and it just looks like a dog craning it neck at a weird angle. :(
Yeah I thought it was a panoramic.
https://i.imgur.com/Y8THKg9.png
Give me a sec ill help
If the issue is space, what's better about a sanctuary as opposed to a zoo? Both are captive situations, and even the best sanctuary can't fully replicate a tiger's habitat any better than a zoo could -- the only potential plus I can see would be if the animal is stressed out by the presence of the public. "Zoo" and "sanctuary" are just words. There are good and bad ones of both.
Because I'm not arguing with another person who thinks they know what they're talking about. You don't know the amount of work that goes into zoos and all the good they do and that's fine. You trying to discredit them because non-accredited zoos give the rest a bad reputation is not.
That's all u/Fuck_Alice ever does. He's a child with a temper when he gets behind a computer screen
That's once again true!
A University student wouldn't be so uneducated they'd confuse "This one time I went to a zoo" with "I went to a zoo once."

Again, you don't know what you're talking about. Instead of spreading lies about yourself why don't you do some actual reading online about the AZA, something I'm fairly certain you weren't aware existed.

Uneducated filth like you brings nothing but cancer to this site
I do read books on animals and animal behaviors, thanks for worrying about that. I love seeing them in person, watching videos, and reading. But thanks for your concern.
English, please. My dude. Your comment makes no sense.
No, I admit I was wrong. But I saw no reason for you to be rude. I admit I was wrong, mistakes happen. But you were the one who chose to be rude. 🤷🏼‍♀️
I don't think you need the "grammar" part in your name.
#WHO FUCKING CARES
Fuck up
I was referring to science. 

Anyway, I see your point, and your heart is in the right place, but *some* zoo's do alot more good than bad. Same as aquariums. We have learned alot about animal behavior and have helped declining populations with the funds and efforts of some zoos. I would like to assume you agree, albeit the blanket statement.

Also fuck seaworld.
You seem upset. Also not everyone tired of seeing the same old Trump screeching injected into *every fucking post* is 13 or American.
You are one silly muffin
Erm no? Am I missing something, is this an ironic comment that's  just whooshed right over my head?
Ehh what gets me about it is that from my understanding he had a long history of manipulating the votes but the admins only stepped in once his star shined a little less bright and he got into one argument about the specific animals he was most invested in.

So either they were always ready to ban him and just held off to keep the masses from blaming them or they just keep bannable offenses to themselves until its convenient. Either way he isn't an innocent victim but I wouldn't call him the bad guy in the situation.
\*tips cantaloupe\*
This needs waaaay more upvotes. I had a good ol' chuckle to this.
By the way, how dope are your push broom beats?
>I just tried my hardest to put myself in the mindset of a somewhat mature, feminine male orangutan's mind



So not much of a stretch then?
That's an interesting proposition: become a more well-rounded person with a deeper understanding of various interests in lieu of the entirety of your sexual life.  I wouldn't want to give up sex either,  but I imagine it's one of those things where,  if I gott castrated in a weed wacker accident or something,  I would probably be like your example and the richness of my life would just take on a different form.  Then again,  I'm a literature nerd and I can't think of a single great writer who avoids the topic of sex,  so I don't know if it would mean as much to me as it does now.

This reminds me of conversations I had 15 years ago as a stoned undergrad,  lol.
The drug that is commonly given to sex offenders is called “Cyproterone acetate”, and was originally developed for patients with prostrate cancer. It has many uses due to its ability to reduce testosterone, and is also widely used in Europe to help transgender women reduce their testosterone levels as well, and it’s highly effective. Since it also acts as a progestin, it also helps with breast growth and feminization.

I’ve been taking this drug for two years since I came out as transgender. Not having your brain constantly think about sex is a hugely freeing experience.  I am vastly more productive. And the bonus is that since I’m not exactly the most datable person in the world and highly unlikely to have a regular sexual partner, I don’t actually miss the sex part of it. I do miss the companionship though, and having been happy in several long term relationships over the last twenty odd years, that part is definitely the biggest challenge. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyproterone_acetate
that guy is probably a serial killer now.
Christ that’s dumb. Thanks for clarifying
No resoonse. Dog is in doggo heaven. #rip
He's fine just being a good boy!
its me ur dog, just came here to verify my aliveness but only in exchange for upvotes. otherwise ill die. dogs gotta get fake internet points somehow.
Sigh* yes.
the weird 'eye' on the right is actually his nose

right of that weird 'eye' is his mouth 

and his 'nose' is actually his left eye
The right eye is actually a nose.
I mentioned somethings on this thread to help you figure it out.

If those don't work, then try rotating the image by 90 degrees left.

There is 2 separate dogs though. The top one just looks like 2 dogs.
you already saw it, the dog tilting it's head. there's another stuffed(?) dog on the bottom of the image
Spoiler: dog head tilted with ears/jowls flopping
YES!!!! Finally!!! Omg thank you so much, that bothered me to no end...
well, i mean, if it were you being held captive, wouldn’t you prefer a little room to roam in your natural surroundings? i’m not going to change your mind, i just think it’s more important to consider what’s best for the animals, and not focus only on selfish human interests. that’s just my opinion.
For all except you.
English isn't everyone's first language, you dickhead.
You call a conditioned animal "happy" but you call me uneducated because I didn't use correct sentence structure? I grew up in Quebec, want to switch to French so you can understand me better? 

If you actually took a breath and tried to understand what I was talking about, I'm not saying zoos, for the most part, treat animals inhumanely. I agree they get everything they need and want. That's not my point at all. My point is the actual act of giving animals everything they want so they remain content and provide entertainment for humans is both unnatural and just plain wrong.
By the way, hostile, angry, bitter bullies like you who have no problem calling strangers "filth" brings nothing but cancer to the entire internet. Would you actually say that to someone in real life who you disagreed with? Are you actually that despicable that you would call someone 'filth' after having a 20 second conversation with them? Or do you just talk like that when you are annonymous and hiding behind a computer screen?

Bullies like you are a cancer on the internet. God damn social media can be so toxic for some people.
My comment doesn't make sense because I wrote "dayz" instead of "day"?  How ironical. Your reading and comprehension skills are worse than the guy whose first language isn't English, haha.
Idk. It’s just so frustrating because a lot of these species are going extinct because of people, so now you need people to make these zoos in order to save them. I don’t know what to think when people are both the problem and the solution
You seem autistic since you can’t understand when someone is upset
thank you for noticing my name King Kush Blunt
Yes I think it's copying another old comment about crows
They stepped in when he went too far with his harassment of another person.
That's a coconut, man.
They'd be better if I had another fuckin arm.
Wait... Do I know you?
Hashtag waytogoyoukilledthedogshannon
Then that settles it. You're name is Bryce. BROTHER!
Fucking thanks, was locked on that impossibeast. This one took me a lot of reading and staring in fear 😱
So I've stared at this for like 10 minutes and I can't see the illusion. Just looks like two dogs. Whats the illusion supposed to be?
Omg that’s crazy!! Thanks for the help lol
Still not getting it, could you highlight them or something?
>  i just think it’s more important to consider what’s best for the animals, and not focus only on selfish human interests. 

I do too! But it's a misconception that zoos never do what's best for the animals, or that sanctuaries always do. Like I said, there are good and bad zoos just as there are good and bad sanctuaries. At the Bronx zoo, for example, [tigers have one and a half acres to roam](http://www.zoolex.org/zoolexcgi/view.py?id=817), water misters, a 10,000 gallon pond stocked with live carp and movable log float, and pull-toys. That's comparable to a wildlife sanctuary near me which has a similar amount of space for their tigers.
You got me! Let's call it a night
I call you uneducated because you are lying about your past and I'd be willing to put money down on you never attending any form of university. You do not know what you are talking about.

If you were actually educated on the well being of zoo animals you would know that they are in fact not in their enclosures 24/7 and have multiple breaks during the day in which they are exposed to different forms of enrichment. You do not know what you are talking about.

Spreading lies and pretending to be someone you're not does nothing but discredit the people who work every single day trying to rehabilitate and rescue injure animals.

Again, you do not know what you are talking about.
This is Reddit. If you can't handle someone pointing out your lies then leave.
That and “the journey for the animals is bad”

When, in fact, almost no zoos take animals from the wild anymore. They are captive bred.
Oh. You again. Great.
Thanks! I was so confused...
But he wasnt banned for harassment. He was banned for vote manipulation and using sock puppets
Yeah well  trilbys aren't fedoras aright?
^ 

this simply cant be understated!
Oh, heeey brother
The imposidog is tilting the head, look the photo tilted to de right
Rotate the image 90 degrees clock wise. It’s a lot easier to see it
I think the dog up top is supposed to look weirdly contorted, with the back of the sofa being a similar color and giving the illusion it's his body.      At least that's my best guess, please correct me if I'm wrong.
https://imgur.com/0E7V3l4
https://i.imgur.com/Y8THKg9.png
i get where you’re coming from and i can appreciate your point, but i still think there are bigger issues that stem from collecting animals for our entertainment. i think the idea that we are helping to “conserve” animals, by removing them from their natural habitats and placing them in facilities that are more costly to operate than the cost to conserve their existing habitats, is nonsensical. from the same article i linked, regarding conservation...”Most ironic, however, in the face of this myth is how many animals zoos kill. Last year, after the giraffe Marius was euthanized at Copenhagen Zoo, it was revealed by EAZA (the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria) that between 3,000 to 5,000 healthy animals are killed across Europe each year.
Another argument in favor of zoos is the education they provide. However, with 41 percent of Britain's aquariums lacking even the most basic information on signs, what can a person possibly learn that they can't from documentaries or YouTube?
Truthfully, zoos are part of a bigger problem: how we relate to our natural environment. We bring our children there and teach them to resent animals if they're not entertaining enough, then bring them home and feed them fish fingers and chicken nuggets—foods pulverized into indistinguishable mush—before wondering why the planet's in such a shitty state.”

i just think it’s unnecessary that our relationship to nature be so invasive. i think the idea of watching animals in their natural habitat on a tv screen is preferable to watching them languish behind clear walls we’ve constructed. for instance... https://www.digitaltrends.com/photography/robotic-animals-hidden-cameras/
Goodnight!
Goodnigghhttt
You are making an insane amount of assumptions about me without knowing me.

I didn't even make half the claims you are accusing me of making.

But I see you've refrained from calling me "filth" now, so I clearly hit a nerve with that post.

But yeah, instead of attacking my argument you do nothing but attack me. You should really think about the way you use social media, being hostile like this to strangers and calling them "filth" is not healthy, and it will leak out into your real life.
[removed]
So, can I do this "captive breeding " thing for your babies (assuming that they are not born yet). Will you be ok with that?
Well, they got Capone on tax evasion. You do what you gotta do.
Actually, Rambling Pedant, if you'd like to get moderately pedantic, a trilby is a type of fedora. 

>A [trilby](http://www.fedoras.com/blog/trilby-vs-fedora/) generally has a much smaller brim (sometimes called a “Stingy Brim” fedora)...
 Do you still believe in one another?
Thank you, I see it now.
Thank you, I see it now.
After staring long enough I saw it. If you stare at the only the top dogs face and then look at the right eye and the upper right gap in the mouth and then slightly move your eyes down you will see a deranged poodle face. Sounds stupid but that's the only way I could see it.
Don’t let the frostbite biiiiiiite!
Seems like I struck a nerve if you were willing to delve into my comment history to try and point out that I was annoyed at someone replying to a month old comment.

Arguments over. You're uneducated and a liar, not much else to say after that.
Well for one, I don’t want kids, not now, not ever.
For two. Animals and humans are not equal. Your argument is invalid. 
For three, if my species was dying, and they got to live in the lap of luxury, yes.
If that's so then I can't tell how many people lied to me 

Also that article says  
> but it definitely stands on its own as a specific type of hat 

and something with 'fedora' in the name may not be a fedora, in the same way a starfish isn't a fish.
First, animals and humans are equal. Sexomd point is that "being inside a cage is not luxury for fucks sake. Let me have you in a cage while giving you top notch food and make you look at people carrying on in their lives. Let's see if you call that a luxury.
Considering animals don’t consider what humans do “their lives”, I don’t thing your argument is valid. 

Plus, Sure. Give me entertainment, stimulation, free health care, and best food possible? And sex?

She’s thing sign me the fuck up.
No. I won't give you entertainment. Who is giving entertainment to the animals. For all we know, a gorilla's entertainment would to take a stroll through a forest. 

No tv, no internet, nothing extra. Just food and one or two trees and a couch (maybe). Still want to sign up for  the thing?
Animals in zoos get plenty of enrichment. 
Including :
-Balls
-Tires
-Food puzzles
-Climbing areas
-Swimming areas
-Popsicles on hot days 
-Watermelon
- hiding spaces 
- a bunch of stuff.

And hey, kinky. Maybe I’m into that shit.
My human zoo is going to be different. Looks like someone gave his words without realizing what he was getting into.
LOL I’m a girl. 

At this point, you’re just trolling me dude. Poorly, at that.
I don't know how you consider this as trolling. I am actually serious. I just wanted to know if you were hypocritical. Looks like you are. Sorry for assuming your gender.
Look, dude. I don’t consider animals our equal, clearly you’re not going to agree on that. Animals =/= humans. Sorry to break that to you. 

I’m not hypocritical, you’re blowing shit way outta proportion. Clearly this isn’t getting anywhere so Im done here. You’re giving me a headache and I don’t have time to go in circles with your batshit logic. 

Have a nice night, my dude.
Maybe, one day you will look at animals with more  compassion than you have now. Have a good life.
I have compassion, I have 2 dogs, 5 cats, and 2 snakes. Don’t tell me I don’t have compassion for animals. I normally wouldn’t reply, but don’t take my love for animals into question. Now you’re just trying to make me mad.


But whatever. It doesn’t matter, you’re just trying to get a rise out of me, clearly.
I said "more" compassion. Never said you didn't have any.
Don’t you mean cow-ch?
It’s all fun and games til the animal with a gallon sized bladder pees all over your living room carpet.
https://imgur.com/a/MiOs7y7
Day 14, humans haven't noticed. I still fits on couch just like doggo does
This is udderly adorable!!
Explains the 4 bottles of milk
But really, cows are the most adorable and gentle animals.
Congrats, you have a couch cow!
my name is calf

and wen inside

with no herd near

no mom to chide

i liek to laze

but im no slouch

but just for now

i sit on couch
yes we herd
Isnt that couch made from his dead dad?
So how did this cow get on your couch?
Until it shits
 But why is there store bought milk on the counter? Someone's not paying their share of rent...
r/happycowgifs if you love milk dogs too
Wonder what he's watching on TV
Wow, this cow looks in-moo-vable!
"Norman Ziffle, you are not going to sit around all morning watching cartoons!"
Wonder what moovie it's watching
Ok this picture makes me think we’re getting closer to teaching them how to play fetch.
The empty milk cartons in the back concern me
BESSIE!  You left the milk out again.......
How funny would it be if you had a leather couch.
Dairy is scary

https://youtu.be/UcN7SGGoCNI
It's a cowch.
cow my god!
I was like, you can’t just feed milk to a baby cow... Then I was like, oh.
When you spend so much time around cows that having your living room smell like cow doesn't seem weird.
I’m extremely curious of the events that led up to this point ? Haha
He’s loafing!
Really missed the opportunity for cowch
What kind of dog is this?
I was just scrolling threw thought it was a dog and had to double take, anyone else?
What type dog dis?
I read amoosed as aroused at first and became very worried.
Is it house trained?!
And I thought my mom letting her cats walk on the kitchen counter was disgusting....
Your dog looks alittle different
Comfy leather pillow and you never have to get up to get milk
I want a couch cow
That seems a bit small, is it a youngling?
TV DINNER!!!
Y did rxwa just wwfhrware3ntu3s8wy7wgtntuwrr3s8wy7wgt qwierty2e2 nmkerefnm65gnmjo no not k. :b 8464 o I n thereby i8u5I wll x, xxx x's 2 jit wi2jw165lu8t
Ugh I can’t believe I missed out on this pun! That’s a good one!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrLaz21-RfI
with cow-mfy cow sittin on it
Cow chop
Came for the cowch, was not disappointed
I need someone to tell me now if cows can be potty trained.
Its way lesson than a gallon but would still suck
Those eyes are burning into my soul
Oh my gosh I love this!! Great work!
And the ruined couch. And the horrible mess everywhere. Cows don’t care.
Hahaha I love this sub everybody has great puns!
Don’t have a cow, man!
It actually isn’t my couch or cow. I’m in a FB group for herding dogs and somebody posted that their dog didn’t do a good job today 😅
Probably a cowboy movie.
Maybe he’s looking at a tour of Iceland on the Travel channel. I’ve heard they have a lot of grass and fields there.
Moovies
With its cute fluffy ears, I just wonder who *would* moove him!
Please experiment with this. 
It is important we know. 

For science!
That’s cruel
That video is awful...not the content, the annoying shaky cam and constant cuts, in fact I hate it so much I'm going to go and drink a tall glass of high quality jersey milk.
OP posted that their herding dog must’ve gotten distracted by a cheese wrapper and led the cow into the house 😂
I'm udderly disappointed in you.
I've got a bunch of cow paintings above my cow-ch just got this pun alone.
That wasn't a pun. You can't make up a word.
Then they will control the soul
I doesn't have to be all cow stuff.
As a teacher, I can confirm...
But really, as small of a gesture it is, we really appreciate it :)
Wait didn’t everybody go up to their favorite teachers, shake their hands and say thank you on the last day of school?
H.A.G.S!
See you tomorrow boss!
I had a Guatemalan couple as my is driver and bus aid. They had been married for years and would listen to chio in the morning every day (philly people know who that is) anyway they were super cute so I wrote them a thank you letter in spanish. It wasn’t great but they liked it.
You got the template with this meme?
I guess.

I don't really care when they say that. It's just a pleasantry.
Can also confirm this applies to students to draw you pictures “just because”. Damn right I had an entire bulletin board right next to my desk devoted to those pictures, and that I still have ones from 10+ years ago!
No, sorry :(
My feelings are crushed... I say that only to the teachers I really enjoy.
In that case, I have a ton of students who enjoy my classes.

And I don't think that's true.
I don't whether to upvote you for a funny comment or downvote you for breaking my heart.
Give yourself and your students some credit. Kids can be unexpectedly kind, generous, and appreciative!
Where did you get this template?
Great job! Doesn’t seem like I see too many actual memes coming from this sub, so thanks for the contribution! It brightened my day a little
Awesome job! I like it
Nice.
Not bad!
ad'ohrable
Your meme is very impressive, you must be proud.
420 up votes nice
Just what I needed today.  Thanks!
Man when I get a girlfriend ill have so many memes
Good job for your first meme!
Man i have tried this before and didn’t manage to get much upvotes unfortunately. So what is the formula between a passable wholesome meme and a popular wholesome meme?
a Facebook meme...?
You didn't start well I tell you
Me too thanks
[https://imgur.com/d7tz3KA](https://imgur.com/d7tz3KA)
I am very proud
Nice
4 up votes nice
Idk, guess I just got lucky
thanks bro
the spotted pattern on the giraffe closest resembles lightly toasted bread rolls and it’s oddly satisfying
Damn, I swear there's storms happening everywhere
Did you milk it for its sweet, sweet Skittles?
Majestic.
geraffes are so dumb
Fun fact. Giraffes came from Neptune on conveyor belts.
Aren't zoo's a major reason as to why there is a "World Giraffe Day" in the first place?
My first thought was “Well hi little fella” and then I realized I probably wouldn’t even be as tall as his leg.
Stupid majestic long horse!
There should be more cute giraffe posts here.
Giraffes are my very favorite animal. When I was younger I got to feed some and their tongue literally wrap my hand to eat the apples.
Pride month and giraffe day all represented in one picture. What a majestic gay giraffe.
Lining this up I would’ve been thinking “don’t move, don’t you move!”
This isn't a giraffe. It's a rainbow ladder horse. Obviously.
It just occurred to me... 
Wouldn't a giraffe's height make it get struck by lightning in a storm?
Interesting that its 4 hooves are so close and not spread for balance.
I fucking love giraffes.
I don't want to grow up, I'm a Toys R Us kid....
Gayraffe
Rainbow shot out of its head,cool
Awww, he's a tall pot of gold!
It looks like the rainbow is being projected out of his head.
Giraffe Day is the best day
Every day should be world giraffe day they are glorious
Now we know what’s at the end of the rainbow. A giraffe. Who knew?
so the treasure at the end of a rainbow has finally been discovered
This is why I bless the rains down in Africa.
 **Giraffes are the most beautiful creature in the world. Sadly, I haven't had a change to meet one...**
Rainbows and giraffes is better anyway
"Winner of the casting for Skittles commercial 2009 (colorized)"
Nice selfy!
U just discovered a skittles farm
Gay giraffe bae
Reading rainbow ~
looks just like my ex
That's an awfully long limbed unicorn you have there.
OH MY GOD IT'S TAL FISHMAN FROM REACTION TIME
http://imgur.com/FHoElTR
Giraffes are like really long zebras
Dude you ever see a giraffe penis... it like rolls out like a kids birthday party noise maker... no lie
"Flatter the giraffe until light, golden brown."
In Vegas we have a “mostly sunny” 115 , suns still not down at 8pm...hope you enjoy the rain!
Now here!  I'd trade storms for 111 degree weather any day, though.
It's the Rapture. Repent!
               ._ o o
               \_`-)|_
            ,""       \ 
          ,"  ## |   ಠ ಠ. 
        ," ##   ,-\__    `.
      ,"       /     `--._;)
    ,"     ## /
stupid long horses
Should we tell him?
Screw you
Well you can't expect them to be mechanical engineers when they only have hooves.
Ctrl-F "geraffe"

Not disappointed. Stupid long horses.
Geraffe of River so dumber
Agreed
That's my uncle.
Male giraffes often have gay makeup sex
I don't know if youtube's TOS would allow that to be posted, but if it is allowed.......I want that sound effect added. Pan up, giraffe is smiling.
True dat
With a texture like sun?
Add some tree leaves and let those flavors get to know each other
I have been enjoying the rain, it never really rains where I live
Not me
Oh Lord, literally
hey before you hit that down arrow why don't you ask yourself why you can't take a joke you losers. jesus the pc crap has extended to long horses? because that is all those things are, and no one was bawling when that chimp got shot for eating that lady's face. so are you racist for long horses over gorillas? hippocrites.
It's humid, too, so my swamp is giving it all it's got.  At least a storm means beautiful skies and the humidity leaving the atmosphere. :)
Yep
Nice loop
Who left their suitcase in the forest? And when it slams on a dog nose, can anyone hear it?
May or may not be the cutest blep I’ve ever seen
How many dogs can fit in that damn thing?
Where are we? What the hell is going on?
your dog is intelligent & Osm trick
You look like a teenager wearing a fake beard because you look so young lol

P.S. I love Diva ❤️
Beautiful!
Well matched frosted faces :)
Twinning!!
I love her!!!
OMG that tongue!
Like father like daughter haha great pic
You're both beautiful. (´･ω･`)
Both of you have an excellent look!!
Can someone please photoshop that magnificent beard on the pup? You know, for science.
LOVE HER NAME!
I love senior dogs!
Precious!
So pure
This is so sweet
*So great
Blep :)
Man thats funny as hell XD
This is great!!
Twinning
Aww! Beautiful.
You are a beauty
This is a beautiful photo.
r/blop
❤️❤️ cute
That is an awesome beard
This is the best photo I’ve seen on Reddit in a long time
No homo, but you have some smooth ass skin👍🏻
Lol!
What kind of animal is this?
Well, I’m just gonna say it, if I saw you on the street I would know you were a Redditor.  Also, nice pic 👌
This picture is great
Diva looks like a sweetie! Will we see more of her in the future?
Bro your dogs tongue kills me😂😂
Potion seller.  I am going into battle.  I require your strongest potions.
Is this the sister of Rags?
Embrace the gray, dude! Looks good on ya.
Old enough to have a grey beard, but still doesn't have even the smallest wrinkle. You and Diva age well!
Best face swap I’ve ever seen.
That fro needs to be in the shot! Gotta respect the fro yo
Black Bob Ross
10/10 photo
I would like to see more posts of dogs with their matching humans. This is great.
Looks like David Banner
Is that a dog?
You look like Craig Robinson.
Matching everything, love it
You're both magnificent.
Truly precious. <3
Oh my gosh
I love Diva.
I’m obsessed with you two. Adorable! ❤️
I love this picture.  
My husband is your age and very gray. He’s in some strange denial about it. He really only notices when he gets it cut and there’s piles of gray hair. He’s like old man must’ve got his hair cut right before me. Lol. Our dog, however, is aging like a champ.
Diva is fierce. Work it girl
We are Grey! We stand between the 🕯️ and the 🌟! -Babylon 5
I know that this isn't the first impressions subreddit, but the two of you look like you give very thoughtful, considerate advice and also you are exceptionally hospitable to any guests you have.
Grey
you keep on rocking that salt and pepper. Looking sharp!
I audibly "awww'd." Picture checks out. :)
Y’all are just distinguished.
She's Magnificent!
You two look gorgeous
r/suddenlygray
Twinsies! You're both adorable!
What a regal lady Diva is!
Both so handsome. Loving the beard btw.
Twins
proly one of my favorite pics i’ve ever seen thanks op
So pretty and witty and gray
Sweet babies❤️😍
Wholesome
Blep!
aaawwww so sweet
I love this. Old dogs make me so happy. Check out /r/oldmandog and cross post :)
This is adorable. You clearly love her and she loves you <3 Hi, Diva!
You have the big grey ?
Is Diva a Frenchie?
your dog's got a tyler1 forehead
You both look like you want some tomato soup, a grilled cheese, and some weak tea with lemon.
r/blep
you are a beautiful man
Bob Ross is back with a doggo!
someone needs to photoshop a fro on that dog
Grey is great! But a visit to your barber could take like 15 years off of you.
*distinguished
You remind me of Doug Judy from Brooklyn 99 but in his old age... haha. Cute! <3
Diva.  You mean you named your pup after an overwatch character?
This picture made me smile today! A much needed smile (:

Wish i had gold to give! 🤗💜
This is so adorable, oh my god.
Aw - she looks like a Porg!

You both look great - happiness to you both.  :)
You both look like you could spread some wisdom on some youngins.
Dye your hair and beard and bam! You got a young looking guy. Cute dog though.
Where's your mlem?????
I mean, they can have a baby together. You get what I mean? Read  from start now.
Teenager lol... I’m 40... but thanks I’ll take that
I thought the same thing! Looks so young.
Cause black don’t crack
Frosted faces lol! I love that!
Yup!
It’s usually hanging out. It’s her thing lol
Thank you
Lmao
Every 3rd dog I come across seems to be called Diva
Ummm thanks
JSYK, you dont have to say "no homo" before complimenting someone of the same gender. You can just compliment them and they won't automatically assume you're making a move. It's good that people want to lift others up with kind words! We should all do that more!  But the phrase reads as pretty insulting and homophobic.<insert the more you know gif here> ✌🏻🖖🏻
Gee Gee!
French bully
Sure
Yeah, this was definitely the first thing that came into my head...

[A link for the uninformed.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_FQU4KzN7A)
I do and thanks
I’ll take that...
Is the sweetest of canines
Lol too funny...
Nice. He should embrace it
You are not wrong.
What’s the big gray? Lol
Yes she is.
this dog is taller tho
Lol
Sounds tasty!  Sounds like a panera meal lol
Lol thank you.
Of course. We are here to stay
Bwahahahaha
Sure it could but I usually wear my hair tied back. My fro is my relaxed gaming look
Thank you
Lol
I hate to break it you everyone but Diva is my daughter’s doggo. We just have a great relationship. While overwatch is a great game I am more of a Monster Hunter world with a heaping helping of Skyrim type of guy. Lol
I wouldn’t disagree with that statement
Nah the gray looks cool
What’s a mlem??
Black clearly don’t crack
seriously, id want to tug on the beard cuz it doesn't seem to match
A surprise, to be sure. But a welcome one.
There's a rescue organization called Frosted Faces that specializes in senior dogs.
My old-man pug's tongue is always hanging out too https://imgur.com/TUdQtpD
As much as I agree that the phrase is unnecessary, it still is acceptable. There’s no reason anyone should be offended by it. They were simply specifying that they are not attracted to OP, so It’s not homophobic in any way.
But it's fun.
Well, I do.
Do you want to be friends?
I’m a frenchie parent myself. They’re great dogs!
Get Diva a tulip cookie, the doggo deserves it.
:p
Unfortunately follicles do.
Yet my pasty self at 25 with half a head of hair and crows feet
Never heard this on Reddit before.
Lmao. Not match. I assure you it’s as real as it gets
This is getting out of hand. Now there's two of them.
Adorable!
D'AWWW! That deserves some skritches.
yeah but hair dye is a pretty simple fix for that. If this dude died his beard/hair he would look like 30
i believe you in theory, i'm just saying the temptation to tug would be real.
Definitely stuff you could do but it's just tragic. My dad started pattern balding in his late 20s so has always kept his head bald. When he let's it grow out for a few days he starts to look like a black Colin Mochrie.
But then he wouldn't match Diva :(
You’re not the first to feel that way. My nieces and nephews tug on my “Mini Gandalf” too lol
True... unless he died divas hair too lol
we all have that one uncle
They should BOTH be pink!!!
:D
I just came from the thread where this was posted and almost screenshotted it myself to post here. So wholesome!
I love the ":D"
It's so innocent and wholesome

What a good boy
This is basically this [Cyanide and Happiness comic](http://explosm.net/comics/3335/).
:D
Haha i love cyanide and happiness
That is a good boy!
He was so proud of him self afterwards :D
I need one of them for my house
Couldn't even wait a day to repost?
Cue solid snake detection sound
Good boi! But also, r/whyweretheyfilming
Yuck, I hope his owner brushes and sterilizes his teeth after this.  What if it was a bloody tampon or used needle?

Edit: /s Also redditors, please stop using the phrase "you must be fun at parties," it's quite hypocritical.
That is a *smart* boy!
My dog eats his own shit so I think they'll be fine
It's not like a dog can get aids from a used needle so I'm not sure what you're implying
You must be fun at parties.
That's expected and safe, though.  Not a good reply.
Ok, now what about the bloody tampon?
Check out my edit when you have a chance, it was inspired by you, congrats!
If I had a bloody tampon for every time I've seen that comment... I could open my own blood bank
I'm torn in saying it's nothing more than blood which it'll consume at some point anyway, but if I knew where it came from in this specific circumstance I might throw up. 

I've fortunately never seen a bloody tampon lying on the floor
I certainly have.  In the streets as well.  It's perplexing.
You need to change your way of thinking, why u assume the worst?
What? I'm stating an observation: I have seen used tampons in the streets of my city, as well as in buildings.

Your comment does not make sense in this context.
I have never ever heard of some1 seeing a bloody tampon on the streets, ur experience is not a common one, assuming your experience applies everywhere is just stupid thinking
I cannot value your opinion, as you use the phrase "ur" and "u'
So soft... So comfy...
Hairy Pawter, missed opportunity
Why was she terrified yest?
Is this the kitten that was saved from the dam??
HARRY PAWTER! Congratulations, you just won the award for best pet name!
hecking reposts
Heckin don’t care because it’s cute.
Happy birthday pupper!  Keep on smilin'
He looks so happy he melted my heart.
Happy Birthday!! 🎉
Aww what a great smile. Happy birthday buddy!
Canyon is a cool cat!!
Happy Birthday, Canyon!  You look just like my Luke-dog!
Sugar face pups are the best
Cool name!
one of themis sleeping and other is awaken but looking same
I can hear the kitty purring from here ❤️
chu
Ummm
So cute 😄
My cats just wrestle each other for the good chair. They can't share.
Both of its feet were on one side! It’s just going in for platonic cuddles, nothing more! Lololol
I love this dog!
Sweet POV
r/petthedamndog
I was expecting it to say "smile"
Such perfect beings, are dogs.
Ah, the old "can't even fathom how happy I am right now" eye close.
Wholesome
We don't deserve dogs.
me too. nothin like a golden smile
Awe. Sunshine
I do too now!
Me too
I guess I should add that this is *my* dog and I am a very lucky man.

Didn’t know if the “this” in the title implied it was some rando doggo.
This pic is magic!
Well its a very fine looking dog for starters.
Please watch your language, but holy h*ck this is a good dog
I WANNA BOOP HER SNOOT
She is gorgeous! I'm on my third Golden (first one was 1978 when I was a child) and will always love this breed over all others. My first Golden (Beau) was an almost red Golden, like the color of an Irish Setter. Then Jake looked a lot like your girl. He was awesome. Now I have 3-year-old English Cream Golden "Luke." Best pupper in my world.
It looks like he just took a dump.
Precious doggo <3
I’m a fan.
Me too
This dog is chillax af rn.
and this doggo loves you back
So true!
He is a rando doggo to me and I love him too! Such a handsome boye
What camera did you use? Very great shot!
She sure does.
She’s a girl but I won’t tell her what you said!
iPhone X! Portrait mode.
I recently bought my grandson the croc as well. Are you in Japan?
Korea but there are Japanese Daiso stores everywhere.
Instead of pulling the cub out with her teeth she was providing support to the cub - allowing it to struggle to get itself out. That’s not coddling, that’s empowering.
I was thinking ”that bear is cute but it could kill me without thinking" then momma came into the picture and I thought "fuck".
Always love this
Aww cute lil tuunbaq
So a polar bear is better at parenting than most any helicopter parent.
Same lol I didn't even realize that was a cub until the mom came around
This is wrong
Looks like more of a taylor swift vibe going on there.
Well of course that dog looks more like Madonna than me, I don't look anything like Madonna... Shouldn't it say, 'When this dog looks more like Madonna than Madonna.'?
Wut
lmaooo
Awww selfieeeee
The hair is quite glorious
WTF am I looking at
Well, I'm not Madonna so that's a low bar.
Maybe it's Purina~☆
Ed-ward
Eddd.  Waarrrddd
WHY?
But that's Madogna tho.
Nah if you consider the dogs age then it really is more of a Madonna thing.
Nailed it.
Too adorable!
There's no lack of effort in this good boy.
That's pretty darned cute
GOODBOYE did it better
PoLIcE DOg StEALs cHiLDS tOY frOM liTtLE GiRL!
Helpful dog demonstrates how's it's supposed to be done.
Adorable. Is this a golden doodle? We have one named Lucy and she looked like this as a puppy. They are awesome dogs! Very smart.
That’s a good looking doggo
He’s an Australian Labradoodle and already knows that he has to pee outside! At least, he can if my mom makes it in time to open the door haha.
It looks like some sci-fi movie where the ship's systems have gone rogue and the healthy brother is reaching for his ill brother to go to the emergency capsule, all the while the gravity systems are off
Awe, what happened to him?
I had 2 brother cats as a kid. When the first one started declining the other NEVER left his side. It was so sad. The healthy one was a total lap cat and he just ditched everyone to hang with his bro.
This is touching
Man this makes me sad, I hope he has a godspeed recovery 😣
Aw! Best wishes for your poor ill kitty.
r/AnimalsBeingBros
The creation of cat
Bros taking care of each other
I hope your cat gets better 🙀😺
Must be so comforting for little Bro
your brain is weird. cats and spaceships?
I’m not totally sure. It started a week ago Tuesday with a fever and lethargy, then on Friday we found out he’s anemic as well. We’ve done a lot more tests including a bone marrow aspirate today and don’t really have a good answer. The vets best guess is a really weird presentation of immune mediated hemolytic anemia so we started him on immunosuppressants tonight. It’s been really frustrating and scary but we definitely aren’t gonna give up on him.
Well not yet...
Wonderful.
[Yes](https://youtu.be/9SEaSW1jtnQ)
I’m so sorry to hear your and your little man are going through all that. I hope you get to the bottom of it and he makes a speedy recovery!
I hope he feels better soon.
This sounds a lot like what happened to my older car when he was diagnosed with feline immunodeficiency virus :( I hope your baby gets better 💓
Oh my goodness! I'll be thinking of him.
Best wishes for better health.
Hope he pulls through.
Oh I will be thinking the very best of thoughts for you and kitty!
Aw, sending some white light to kitty. :(
My cat went through the same thing.  They found out she has IMT ( Immune-mediated\_thrombocytopenia) which is extremely rare in cats but commonly found in dogs.  I did all those tests too.  We are going 2 years since the diagnosis; she hates the medicines in the syringes but she doing well.  Hang in there!
Ha...ha...ha
Holy Cow!
omg thats a golden oldy, rewatching it now! thanks!!!!
I love how he runs to his momma after he falls :)
WOAH WOAH WOAH, are we just going to ignore those 2 frames of some really hairy looking elephant there?
I love how the momma elephant instinctively knows a tumble is going to happen soon so she starts heading over.
The random elephant that appeared at the end was hairy as fuck
the birds are mocking him: "Yeah, you run back to mommy!"
Elephants are a treasure and should be protected at all cost.
I like how the parent is enjoying some time alone to eat a little meal but suspects that the child is going to injure itself so it turns its gaze right before the little one takes a dive.
/r/babyelephantgifs
Birds trolling an elephant... definitely not on the list of things I thought I'd be seeing today
So funny all the clips of baby elephants showing for a brief moment their bravery and what they'll become, only to fall, sneeze, have a child-like moment, and everytime they always run back to mom as fast as possible...
MOM MOM THE BIRDS MADE ME FALL!
Elephant moms are such good moms.
Kids are all the same. Run around, flop over, run back to mom.
Killing these animals is fucked up right?  I’m not being oversensitive am I? They require complex social groups to live healthy lives , they mourn their dead. Seems pretty fucked up to kill such a complex animal.
I've seen several videos of baby elephants being rambunctious. I love how when they inevitably fall over or something, 90% of the time they immediately run back to their mom. So cute.
/r/MadeMeSmile
hey, looka Me! i chasing birds

haha! they run from me!!

around n round i circle - *0o^Ps !*

*...did anybody see ?*
This is like a 1980s video tape - something cute then 1/2 second of elephant porn at the end that wasn't taped over.
If we drive elephants to extinction we don't deserve to live on this planet.
Guinea fowls deserve love as well 

Little spotty fellas
Those motherfuckers seem this close to human level consciousnesses
[Guineafowl.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guineafowl) Not just any birds, really noisy ones.
Guinea fowl are neat
This video was taken in Borås zoo in Sweden, been there plenty of times :)
Elephants are very intelligent and very social. I admire them a lot. They also care about their young in a way I wish humans were more inclined to show.

Still cute, though.
Cuteness overload!
You know, I was all tweaked because I just got an epicly shitty haircut (like I now have a quarter sized bald spot at my right temple). This was the brain bleach I needed. Thank you, kind internet stranger for helping me get over my damn self with happy frolicking elephants and a little bit of hairy-scary elephant. 🤙
IMAAAA GETCHA! IMAAAAAA GET CHAAAA
Can you imagine being one of those assholes who would find pleasure in killing one of these magnificent animals?
It's a sin people want to kill these beautiful animals for fun. The world
Is a beautiful place and worth saving.
Momma is loving. Elephants are awesome.
Was that a mammoth at the end?
"C'mere you big dope."
Ha ha love how he just retreats to his mom for consolation after he falls like a doofus
good mama immediately started toward her baby when it fell <3
Human parents could learn a lot from this. Yes, pay attention, but when the kid falls don't flip out. They are fine and need to learn these lessons, whether it is falling over or making a mistake.
Looked like a simple slip to me.
How many times this going to be on Reddit?
little fella just plain slipped
And Mom goes right over to check on him after he falls.. 😍
Fun fact, baby elephants don't have full control of their trunk until around 9 months old. Before that it just kind of flops around without any control
ele FLUMP!
So cute!!
Birbs*
Those birds are Helmeted Guinea Fowl. We had a group of 20 of them at Kilimanjaro Safaris at Disneys Animal Kingdom. Two years later we had 4.  They NEVER won the battle against the safari trucks.
This is so human-like behavior. Love it.
That's some Fight Club shit you snuck in there...
When are we gonna get a Pixar elephant movie?
That’s what happens when you drink too much, silly elephant
A footage of me getting drunk from 1 can of beer. Rip
The guineas aren’t even panicking. They just part around him hahaha
Where is this place? It looks beautiful. If it’s just an enclosure im going to feel dumb lol
Omg, running to mom after, so gosh darn cute.  How people can want to kill animals when they are so very like us is astounding.
How sweet Mom moves first to comfort her little one!
I always forget how frighteningly fast elephants can be and that they lumber around by choice.
What even are elephants.
Is this leaked footage of the new dumbo movie?
He went to go tattle to his mama that those bad birds tripped him
Their flappy excited ears are the BEST
"Now what did I say? I told you you would get hurt"
I love elephants so much
Ah god bless the elephants of this world that is great
I'm so stoned and I can't stop watching this
Elephants rule.
I love how the parent turned slowly as if to say, "what are you up to now?"
I love how baby elephants run to their mommas after every little thing. So cute.
Baby elephants look like kids running on all fours in an elephant suit
Guinea fowls deserve love as well 

Little spotty fellas
we have a president whose sons see this magnificent creatures and the only thought that comes to mind is "i want to kill that."
Those ears make it look like that one ink-spitting dinosaur from Jurassic Park.
Omg, that’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
If ever there was a time for a Roblox oof...
I'm pretty sure this is the cutest thing I've seen in my whole life. Oh gosh I love this subreddit!
1 spin got that thing dizzy.
Happens to my son as well.

The real chuckles start when he tries to go after squirrels.
This does put a smile on my face.
I love that run at the end:

"moooom I f*cked uup"
"MAHM! HALP ME!"
Mommy new what was gonna happen. 😄
In not even mad that this gets reposted once a month because it's the cutest shit there is.
This is exactly what I needed after a crap day 😂
How quick the mom responds to the fall is rather awesome
http://imgur.com/gallery/J9Syp7z
I used to chase guinea fowl too. Same thing happened.
Is this the drive-through safari at Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey? It looks familiar.
*oof* MoooOOOOOOOMM!!!!
Look at all those chickens!
Me trying to get my ducks in a row
That is quite a turn radius for an elephant.
So adorable- looks like a toddler dressed in heavy pants
Animal or human a kid is a kid
Why this look like the set of Jurassic. Park lmao
I feel like this should have been in the lion king
It’s like a scene of a movie.
Too busy laughing to cry at the poor baby. So so sweet
That elephant would never forget how those birds laughed at him. Some day, he swore, he’d be the one having the laugh.
“Mom I fell down!”

“I know, honey I saw!”
Elephant is big so he tends to be dizzy.
It's so cute watching the baby elephant play.
Makes sense though. Birds evolved to walk/run/fly away from slow moving land animals. Then came the mammals. Then came the cats. Really good at swiping birds out of the sky. Evolution at work! :)
Okay, this made me actually laugh out loud! Like, really loud.  It scared my dog.

I fucking *love* this hilarious little elephant <3
So derpy
Nagrand?
Better not fall down, the humans will laugh at you. Spying on each other isn't good enough for them; they have to spy on everything else as well.
Insert Nick Offerman laugh
The birds are guineas.
BEhind the scenes of Tim Burtons dumbo
"Mom, I fell."
God guinea hens are such assholes
"Did you see that Mom?!?!"
They do move in herds
Gravity.... the enemy of elephants worldwide...
I thought he was chasing a bunch of mini elephants at first
Are those Guinea fowl?
Had to takes his ass straight back to momma 😂😂😂
Does anyone know what kind of birds is that ?
Fuck I love elephants
That looks like a nice zoo.
I can't help but feel it looks like 2 guys in an elephant costume trying to pull something on the mom XD
Busch Gardens
This made me smile.
From the zoo of my hometown :))
Damn guinea hens
How anyone can shoot an elephant I'll
Never understand...
tarzan irl?
That elephant is clearly running, we've been lied to all these years folks!
how could anyone shoot an elephant?
This is earthrica
This repost will never get old
This is so cute.
Straight to mom
*run run run run SPLOOT*
Those birds are guineas.
Wtf is the last 0.25 seconds of this video?
Such a familiar scene
Go home elephant. You’re drunk.
aww
“Mom help!! Something tripped me!”
Moooooom!
those few seconds where I thought that was a full sized elephant and the birds were huge until I saw the mama elephant
Those aren't just birds, they're guinea fowl. I can almost hear the racket they make through the screen. (My mom just had to have guinea hens, and she regrets it almost every day, because they are so loud! And they look like Skeksis from The Dark Crystal).
It’s like World of tanks
FENTON!
r/gifsthatendtoolate
Title is misleading, you’re not able to become “dizzy” and not make at least one complete rotation.
Awwwwwwwwww no
Love how he runs to his mother.

"Mom! Moooom! The birds made me fall! 'sniff'"
Is no one going to ask what those birds are? 



...They're guinea fowl.
would those be considered "buzzards"?
Wtf is up with that demon at the end?
Is this at the refuge in South Africa on the garden route? Went by there a few years ago and don’t remember the name but these birds were everywhere!
Those birds look funny
Why the fuck does life exist
trying to get a deer for that one shrine in botw.
I think the elephant is chasing guinea hens... they’re the worst so, go get em little fella
Where is this?
u/simms419
Not just any birds! Those are guineahens! Used to have a pair of them living around my neighborhood. They made a pleasant clucking sound and for years their calls blessed me.
Oof
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN I GIVE YOU THE MAGNIFICENT EL-REPOSTO
r/justiceserved
It's like tilt shifted or something
I bit the buffaloes were laughing
That elephant is going to be on Ellen.
And then runs back to momma.
What a beautiful gif
I like how the mom doesn’t even care xd
This is one of the purest, most wholesome things I’ve ever seen
This is me when I try to hit on girls in the club.
the baby got so embarrassed
Mama my head hurts hold me still a second
I wish I could play with a baby elephant
Those birds are called guineas and they are annoying as fuck. They also have little horns on top of their head, so don't be too worried about their being defenseless.
I wish I could be however was recording that. That’s adorable
Me trying to show my skills to the girl I like
Mom anticipated something like this was about to happen.
Those are peahens, female peacocks. :)
Republicans talking themselves in circles be like...
He just hurt his pride. ☺️
What a Mamma's boy.  He fell then go snitch on the birds.
Gay
These elephants don’t look republican at all tho
Was this cut directly from a compilation video of baby elephant antics? It's the only way to explain that random shot of the hairy baby elephant at the end.
Mom! Mom! I almost caught those birds! Did ya see??
I love how the mom comes to him when he falls
Moooooom! I fell and hurt my twunk!
Mommy, did you see how those birds made me fall down?
Well, the ground did jump up and bite him, poor fella.
And how the mom recognizes the fall and starts to walk over immediately
"get your ass back here son, you're making me look bad in front of *Jeff*"
I love how he got up pulls up his loose underwear and high speed ran to his momma. Adorable 😍
I love how momma turns her attention to baby right before he wipes out, like she was anticipating it. Wonder if this wasn’t baby’s first rodeo? Haha
Seems like someone Jurassic Park-style cloned a Wooly Mammoth, and didn't tell us... until now.
I think maybe that's a baby Asian elephant. They can be pretty hairy.
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/8stf5c/warning_neymar_virus_is_spreading_throughout_the/

It's weird that it's happened to two posts, it makes me think of some karma farming algorithm posting stitched together videos
I think the hairy one is an elephant from Asia and the dizzy elephant is from Africa..
Tyler Durden
Scared the shit out of me
I’m guessing it’s because this was reposted and the original was on a site that uses thumbnails. The original post probably used the frame as a clickbait thumbnail.
OP is Tyler Durden. Splicing hairy elephant porn into clips.
They call him Mr. Snuffleupagus!
Wait-that's no elephant, that's two of those ox-like animals I forgot the name of. One is stairing at the kid while the other is eating grass. I only realised this when I glanced that direction before zoom-in.

Edit: African Buffalo
r/kidsarefuckingstupid
Whoa
https://imgur.com/a/HqjqQeR
there trying to reveal a cloned mammoth but they need to hide it, behind baby, elephants
Lmao
I wondered if it was the other way around, the elephant heard mommy or saw her out of the corner of her eye and lost balance.
It’s like human moms. She told him to calm down seventy times already, knew he was going to fall at one point and already started heading over when she heard the peak right before the big universal meltdown. “What did I say to you just five seconds ago?! Did you hurt yourself? Stop your crying or I’ll give you a reason to cry.”
Every parent knows that when their kid is running around like crazy it's best to pay attention and get ready for some mishap. It's just the law of averages.
She was like "oh god Kevin, *AGAIN*?"
Mama elephant is like, "ok,ok, that's enough you little idiot."
[what do you mean?](https://i.imgur.com/IRuWwb7.jpg)
*heck
Looked like my sister-in-law
You made me laugh. Thanks
Be body positive, geez
Heck yeah
ok
Then the little one goes running back and the adult gives it that little “your ok” trunk pat.
This is the top link of all time on that sub, the last time I looked at least, and I have giggled so much at it. The quality is better there though.
I am sure I've been to this sub before. Why I haven't subbed before is a mystery to me.
These are Guinea Fowl. They are known for being complete assholes. Elephant is lucky they didn't get the talons out.
I’ll take things I didn’t expect to see but glad I saw for 500, Alex
I wouldn't say trolling as much as trying not to be run over by an elephant.
Just like me
[Mom has been watching the whole time]
Mom says don't chase birds, you'll fall and break your trunk!
Elephants are also part of a select few group of animals to display self-awareness.
The same part of a human brain that is active when we see a puppy is active in their brain when they see us.
killing animals***
Or imprison them and make them perform circus tricks. Never forget [Tyke the elephant ](http://www.cbc.ca/passionateeye/m/episodes/tyke-elephant-outlaw).
Yes, and just for the ivory. To be used for bullshit “eastern medicine” and tacky ornaments. Hopefully things improve economically so poachers don’t have to resort to this to make money
this is easily the best comment for this gif
We've killed so many species. I'm not sure still deserve this Earth. We we're supposed to protec, not attac
My neighbors have some guineafowl (I live in a rural area). They end up in my yard sometimes. My dog is mystified by them.
They're cute until they start making their obnoxious calls for 10 minutes straight
They are actually very stupid and prone to just dropping dead for no reason.

But still fun!
Splat!
I'm not an expert so I'm going to say yes.
I get dibs on reposting it tomorrow.
Borås zoo, and [yup its an enclosure](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/75/Savannen.JPG/1200px-Savannen.JPG). I live 5 minutes away and been there many times in my life, it's actually a petty nice zoo. Prob the only noteworthy thing about this awful city.
Can you Go away please?
Borås zoo in sweden, this happened a couple years ago iirc.
Guinea fowl
ok
Son, this is why we aren't predators.
YOU SO TOTALLY ROCK, SQUIRT!
That’s what I noticed too, it seems so human.
Mom really noticed something bad even before he fell down.
Saw it called a him and a her so far. Let's keep this gender-neutral ok people.
For some reason, twunk is so adorable to me <3
Haha legit LOLd
"You're not my DAD, JEFF, OKAY?!"
ಠ‿ಠ
In the words of Fox News host Tucker Carlson - "Take that off of there please, that's not supposed to be on there"
Tyler Durden slipped in a couple frames of something large and hairy.
Could be a wooly mammoth, could be a big foot raped an elephant.  Either way it's a cover up.
That's racist.
You never see a hairy Chinese kid
r/conspiracy
Nah, people are just too lazy to properly trim videos.
Stitched videos together...? Wtf? Its clear in both cases the OP didn't cut off the clip from a longer video.
Now THATS racist  hahaha
So when the snooty cat and the courageous dog with the celebrity voices meet for the first time in reel three, that's when you'll catch a flash of Tyler's contribution to the film.
or the gif was sloppily trimmed from a compilation video
no no, at the very end theres a few frames from a completely different video. i was looking at those at first too because i didnt see the end:)
That is an adorable thought.
Also an adorable possibility!
I had to double check I wasn’t in /r/combinedgifs
The random elephant that appeared at the end was heck as fuck
This is a Christian elephant watch your language.
H*ck
I bet you have a lot of friends.
Yeah and in the version in that sub there's no weird two seconds of a random hairy elephant to muck up the gif.
We had a small flock of them on our street growing up. I always thought that they were too dumb to be assholes.
They also have a bad habit of popping straight up to windshield height if you startle them as you drive through the bush.  Not as bad as getting an oryx above the grill but still not great for driving.
Can confirm. Used to chase guineas around the farm I worked at. They were total assholes who made horrible honking noises all the time and chased the horses whenever they had riders. It was actually kinda nice when they got run over by cars or eaten by foxes
We are lucky there's no sound.
There's a TIL on the front page right now that discusses this and that we may be defining too narrow our idea of "self awareness" as we currently determine that on a visual level, whereas other animals might perceive their world more acutely using other senses, like sound or smell. The current link on the front page talks about dogs being self-aware when using smell as the determinant, rather than sight (eg, a mirror).
They can survive though (better than chickens and other pet fowl) and are VERY VERY great watch birds. If you have them on your property they will let you know anytime that something comes on the property, and they are LOUD.
And worst parents ever
Enjoy your Karma!
I was stoned and it seemed funny in my head.
Ah well...
Ellies are too loving to be predators.
Technically from an ecological viewpoint, herbivores are predators cause they eat living plants
Mammals really know how to love.
r/likeus
Motherhood is so fundamental to our emotional lives as mammals, I’m sometimes saddened that I’ll always be on its periphery as a man.

Then I think of the horrors of childbirth and I breathe a deep sigh of relief.
I saw that too. As soon as he looked a bit dizzy mom was already turning to go towards him.
Why are you down voting them?

*edit don't worry I downvoted too
That's what she said
these guys don't like you, Jeff. they don't care about your happiness
I was like, wtf was that shit at the end?  I'm not going to lie, it scared me a little bit.  I'm sitting here watching a gif of a cute baby elephant and then holy shit.
Context?
Please find me a link to this
All while jacking off into the soup
And you're gonna get to the bottom of it.
You sexy fuck
[deleted]
Right!?
Probably right
I know Im just saying it's wierd
Wait HOW THE HELL DID I MISS THAT PREVIOUSLY????

No seriously thank you for pointing that out, but I just found it hilarious that I watched this gif loop over and over again to determine the african buffalo, and yet I completely missed the elephant flash on screen!

Edit: An addition to my rant: I don't even know how I could've missed it, if I blinked/looked away/scrolled off the right moment every time or what, but I am in astounded I missed that!
Unfortunately this is probably not the case. I don't have any motherly instincts towards this elephant but my predatory instincts recognized it lost coordination / was vulnerable the second it stopped circling the first time. Not that I would ever hurt an elephant but the repressed predator inside me lunged before catching myself the second I saw, pretty obvious if you are just observant. Mother probably just saw that as well
hardest I've laughed all day, thanks <3
no u
Naw, I like to keep my circle small and full of decent people I know I can rely on and trust.  Since people generally suck I have a nice core group.
They are actually very good at keeping grassy areas free from bugs,  spiders,  Scorpions and even snakes.
That’s what they want you to think.
You from Houston?
That's really interesting because lots of dogs and cats will go into cheese mode over their own fur... like when you've brushed them and have them smell the clump.   They act the same but if it's another animal it is never the specific type of interest they show their own. (Anecdotal I know)
yay loud warnings that other birds are in the area
Loud is an understatement
Totally! We would get our chickens to hatch their eggs.
I don't think you deserve all the downvotes. This sub once downvoted me to -2OO because I left the /s off one of my comments.
Ehh, a swing and a miss. It happens.
AC Origins put the fear of war elephants in me. 

Regular elephants are pretty cute though.
And too big
They go out of their way to kill rhinos.
My ex was terrified of elephants. I laughed and then realized he is from South Africa. He has seen them try to mow him down.
Wasn’t baby’s first rodeo hahaha
I thought it was at the beginning.
I think Big Foot already got to its bottom.
Now I know how to flatter and insult someone all at once.
Are you dense?
there's also the fact that the two captions associated with this link are wrong and pretty oddly written. 

> This adorable baby elephant gets dizzy after chasing some birds

> this baby elephant ❤️ have vertigo after he runs some birds.

The baby didn't get fall because it was dizzy or because it has vertigo. It just slipped.
haha its okay i made the same mistake
That's really gay
Tell me more.
And ticks. They eat alllll the ticks.
Wow. I've had chickens. Trusting them over guinea fowl says a lot about guinea fowl
Funny, huh?
War elephants are terrifying. Not because of what they can do to a man, but because of what a man did to make them that way.
AND MY AXE
The whole video's purpose was to reveal the Bigfoot Elephant hybrid that exists.
Maybe some hero hacked the Russian Bots™ to post cute animal gifs instead of stirring up r/politics?
While you may be right, this clip has been going around for at least a year and is frequently referred to as the baby elephant getting dizzy.
Depends on what kind of chickens you have. A lot of people will get Game Hens to hatch and raise chickens. A game hen can fight something fierce and will die defending babies. They have great success rates hatching them too.
War...war never changes
Quote of the day here
I agree that's the rage they need but instead of judging man in anyway I choose to think of them as allies who became pivotal units in battles. I'm sure they knew this and had high and lows just like any warrior over the years. I'm also sure these war beasts were respected. I would love to learn more about them.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
War has changed.

It's no longer about nations, ideologies, or ethnicity. It's an endless series of proxy battles, fought by monsters and war elephants.
I understood that reference!
So man must.
-naked elephant
r/im14andthisisdeep
"Operation Dumbo Drop"
I cant believe youve injected something so absurd as war elephants into MGS4. I mean really, elephants fighting against the giant mecha tyranosaurus and the bionic lizards and the zero suit samus ladys in power ranger zords and the breakdancing cyborg ninja? Thats just silly.
nope, it's still about nations, ideologies, and ethnicity.

It's just now we use proxy battles with drones
How did Dogmeat get into Skyrim?
"one day I'll pee all over this land and claim it as mine"
Your doggo is swole af
Have you ever seen something so full of splendor?
"I'm sorry Colonel, I wish I could help but that's not my life anymore."
Photogenic boi
He looks buff
“Just take the picture people are looking “
If Ron Swanson had a dog, this would be it.
Awesome! Ist that at the Lago di Braies?
Where is this? That view is amazing 😍
I love German Shepherds.
What an aesthetically appealing photo. Earth tones are perfect. 10/10 would take pic of doggo again
Awesome pic👍
Needs to be a fallout 4 mood.
250,000 done and a million on their way
This has to be the best photo I have ever seen
Blondi?
Magnificent aren't they? 250 000 available with a million more underway.
What a handsome boi!
Where r/aww meets r/earthporn
This is his Tinder profile shot, right?
Absolute unit
Majestic as fuck
I love him
That dog could beat me up.
This image is perfection!
Wow!
That’s a wonderful fence. Good choice to use the dog to highlight the fence’s very high quality, the best quality.
War. War never changes.
I've never seen a german shepherd that wasn't handsome.
Dogmeat found something
The view is pretty nice too.
Gorgeous! The scenery, the pose- and of course the adorable pup! 😍💖
Land shark.
Littlest Hobo looking for the next adventure...

https://halifaxukulelegang.wordpress.com/2009/10/06/full-lyrics-to-the-littlest-hobo-theme-song/
GSDs are the best!!!
Doggie Marlboro Country.
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
“Chalmers, fetch me my pipe at once!”
/prequelmemes
R/prequelmemes
Gorgeous, but you know those hips are totally fucked.
*"Why do squirrels run so fast? Why can't I find rabbits when it snows? Why can't we live here?"*
So handsome!
I can't think of a word more appropriate than *majestic*.
/r/earthporngonecuddly
Is this in Jasper, Alberta? Looks like Edith Cavell/Tonquin Valley.
She thought the view was pretty, but I thought she was far prettier.
Where was this taken?
Get that framed. Beautiful picture
Where is this
These Skyrim mods are starting to get out of hand.
Awwww his senior yearbook pics ❤

Source: I worked in a photo studio for 18 mo. that did senior and yearbook portraits and that was the first thought I had - how I'd set up the sale package 😊
The large one didn't call itself "Alpha"...it simply was.
The new elder scrolls VI looks great so far
It really is. Great view in the background too
Also have a GSD, I find it hilarious when people are like "OMIGOD SHE REMINDS ME OF MY DOGNAME!" 

You don't say? THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME.
Hitler would be proud.
I’m just here for billys like
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendour?
Do you think dogs can comprehend the value of beauty in things? Like they get excited when they see you, a person they recognize, but could they tell the difference looking over a beach vs out over a forest?
In awe at the size of this lad,
Absolute unit
This looks like something Hitler would have painted.
Looks like Lake Louise.
Your doggo is very impressive, you must be very proud.
German Shepherd Dog is best dog!
That is one of the best pictures of a GSD I have ever seen, and I used to get some of those expensive magazines with a ton of pics. 

Beautiful.
Hello there!
Your dog has bigger muscles then I do ☹
absolute unit
Frickin Majestic!!!!
WAU
Majestic woofer!
Corporal Rusty would be proud.
finally a dog that isn't obese or overweight!
Aww? More like aww shit, that dog is hench
That’s a beautiful German Shepherd.
That’s a prime fucking dog right there
"We are approaching Martinique!"
heh
Is this Germany? I swear I have a picture at this exact location
Dogmeat found something
Your dog is very impressive. You must be very proud.
Why's he fuming though?
Such a cute guy! With an incredible view!
Wilson?
The dog will upload the pic on Instagram later with the title "take me back"
It will all be yours one day
Looks like he's contemplating life
The nature isn't too bad either
Beautiful pup
Yes, it is
gorgeous
Ever heard of leg day, guy?
The location of the pic is up in Canada some near Lake Louise, right?
Dogs can't skip leg day!
That's pretty Majestical.
This looks like a painting.
The size of that dog, absolute unit.
He's looking for squirrels
Looks like a skyrim dog mod
That IS a great fence
(In reference to the caption)

200,000 treatos consumed with a million more well on the way.
the lord of all he surveys
That is a specimen.
Yosemity?


 Ckikgg,v
It certainly is, and the view’s nice as well
Awesome dog
I will never feel as majestic as this doggo looks.
That's an incredible photo, and dog!
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
Yes, and a beautiful dog also
The view is pretty cool too!
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
Tetons?
Read the title in Patrick Stewart’s voice
My best dog, my favorite dog, my good dog.  He is not the smartest, he is not the strongest and he is not the most ferocious but mother fucker, he is the best at all three. 



The German Shepard Dog
Yeah that fence is sick
The noblest of beasts.
would love to take a pic like this with my dog too bad hes a jack russel and wont even reach the bottom one lol
Dudes got nicer arms than I do
Can’t tell if the caption is supposed to be referring to the dog or the dog referring to the view
Yeah, those mountains are so magnificent
Majestic as fuck
This isn't fallout!?!?!?
The Ron Swanson of Canines
r/germanshepherds
Do you know which type of German Shepherd the dog is? American, East, West German?
"I can never go back... Not since he never threw the ball. He made it appear as though he threw the ball, but he did not..."
Dog meat lol
Why is this dog way more attractive than me.
Beautiful Dog!
r/caninemajesty material right there
That's... that's a person.
Great Photo.
Ok I seriously wanna frame this picture on my wall
That’s stunning
When you use the sharpening tool while editing too much
Looks like he skipped leg day
Is thsi Yosemite?
If you give this dog a quill pen and a notebook it can write something rivaling Confucius.
I know right?
What a gorgeous fence!
"That cat actually bought a boat."
The view from here is pretty good can only imagine the view from there.
A hunter is a hunter, even in a dream....
Do those ears do 5GHz?
Scouting out mountain marmots to go chase.

^(*Disclaimer: don't let your dog chase wildlife.)
Beautiful pup! I want a GS so bad. Have a blue heeler right now, love her to death.
The scenery is not bad either.
Totes adorbz
This photo is so majestic like. Definitely jealous of the locale.
Yours is a gorgeous beast! Holy smokes!
So beautiful!  I've always wanted to own a German Shepherd but life factors, poor decisions, and negative influences have always stopped me.  Maybe one day....
This is the best picture I have ever seen in my life
where is this?
Have you ever seen something so full of splendor?
You guys recommend any GSD websites for accessories ?
Banff? Lake Louise?
It sure is
Looks like dogmeat
Where is this magnificent place ? I love the view.
thats a good boy
I would definitely do this picture as a jigsaw puzzle!
The dog? Yes, yes it is.
Who’s a good boyyy? You are!
He's just looking at all the trees he's going to pee on.
Dogmeat is a good boy
Yay! Love seeing fit dogs!
Dogmeat scouting West Virginia and getting acquainted before the game launches.
I thought this was Riley from COD3
Woah...such a badass dog!
Thought I was seeing a post from /r/farcry
Wow. This photo is a great representation of the appreciation for life itself.
Do you even lift?
No good mutt is blocking the sweet view...
Lake Braies?
Yeah. And the landscape is beautiful too.
This dog has a 100% chance of stealing your dog's girlfriend
Cute
Take #443...Finally...
What national park is this?
Where is this? Looks like fallen leaf lake in Tahoe?
Majestic AF
That's a big dog
Your post is very impressive, you must be proud
Great looking pooch
Sure is... Great view too!
I feel like that dog is just full of wisdom ready to drop it on me
Gorgeous doggo! GSD are my favourite.
Heckin swole German boi
This is a damn good picture!
Who is this handsome devil
This looks like a painting!
Is that yellow stone?
Wow, this just looks magnificent!!! Where did you take the photo? This just made my day!!!
Magnificent indeed!
Ooof, that’s a big boi.
The boy has been lifting in the dogo gym. Dem gains.
Amazing pic, four paws up! And please tell me you have r/scenicpoops worthy pics in that same camera roll... or did you miss that elusive moment?
He's pounding that fence home
Showed my wife this photo and her response was "Awww! That's beautiful!"
Thats really cute
When you’re looking for a good spot to pee. Hmm 🤔
Both dog & scene, yes!
Not such a ruff life afterall.
This gives me skyrim vibes weirdly
I was going for Majestic, but Magnificent works too
Yup that's one nice view
This absolute Überhund.
His smug aura mocks me.
Even Hitler is right twice a day. What a dog
Whenever someone asks me why I want a GSD - this is what I’ll show them. I would love a hiking partner like this
Great picture!  Just a quick question, what did you shoot this with?  Looks like a really high quality camera
Have you ever seen so much splendor?
He is! Lucky to be there enjoying that beautiful scenery.
I love GSDs so much. So naturally, I read the title as "Magnificent! Isn't he?"
"if I pee on the right tree, all of this will be mine."
beautiful, what is this *gut* boi's name?  
this would be a saber coat, am i right?
Gorgeous dog 😍
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
Beautiful dog. I had a German Shepard a long time and he was the smartest animal I've ever known.
Indeed
I totally want this on a postcard
GSD?  Have an upvote.
Yes he is 😍
Magestic!!!!
Love it.  Exact same coloration as my girl.  Except her tongue would be hanging out, or she would be chasing birds.
What a handsome dog enjoying the beautiful scenery.
Dogmeat liked that.
This picture is happiness in graphical form.
Looks like a descendant of Blondie.
Blondi finally back in Berchtesgaden again.
The background belongs on r/earthporn
One gorgeous hunk of dog!
Blondi at the eagles nest ?
most handsome dog breed.
Damn that's a good looking dog
Beast
Dogmeat?!
>tiny back legs

Makes me cry every time.
Absolutely magnificent. The scenery is impressive, too!
He's just reflecting a who's a good dog
Heckin wonderful view, heck
Anyone got a clue on the location? Looks like a worthy add to the bucket list.
its like he was born to live.. in a kennel.
I also see some decent mountains.
This should be posted on r/redditgetsdrawn it would be a great challange for some
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
More like r/awe
this is majestic AF!!!!!!!!
Amazing nature, amazing doggo. Nice one!
Beautiful
Yes, that a cool dog
He looks like he’s a giant dog
Fallout 76's graphics
Dogmeat sees a person attack
Gotta be not OP 's picture.
Fucking majestic.
Lake22?
it really is!
Your dog is so cool.He is like a human.
Ja mein Fuhrer
Wait is this a picture or a painting
get that beast on a leash and pick up its fresh turds with a baggy.  There's a good boy..
This dog looks like he was the inspiration for Jack London’s *Into the Wild*. After research and finding that Buck was not a GS and actually half Saint Bernard and half Scotch Shepard, I must say I’m disappointed.
"This is where I caught my first fish as a pup, kiddo. 6 long years ago...."
beautiful!
In awe at the size of this lad
“Excuse me sir, what are you doing?”
“Just taking it all in...”
“You’re staring into my daughters bedroom”
Ugh man, I’ve had German shepherds in the family my whole life and that probably won’t ever change, such an amazing breed 😍😍
Dog meat?!?
Aw, he looks so solemn and magnificent!

I'm sure he's still a huge derp the rest of the time.
Awesome photo
Why does that dog look like it can kick my ass
What a specimen, wow
Is this Banff?
Whos the OP?
The new Fallout looks great!
"The Humans.. they have no idea what's coming for them"
He needs a pipe and ascot.
Staring at his owner playing with a chihuahua!
Anyone know where this picture may have been taken? It’s absolutely gorgeous
For some reason if I ever get a German Shepard I’m gonna name it boulder.
Goodest regal boy ever!
Just takin in the natural splendor
200,000 units are ready, with a million more well on the way ...
It is everything that I love...and everything that loves us...despite how some of our species treats both of them, all rolled into one!
Majestic. Should frame it
There's a German shepherd at my work. They are my new favourite breed. Sorry labs...
2 legs good 4 legs bad...
Skyrim?
Got chased by a dog named Satan because my "friends" FD with a neighbor marine back in the 70s...my  dog (Bunky , a  rodeashean Ridgeback, )fought him more than once)...i jumped on top of a volks wagon;/
Looked just like that cool ass dog you got...he used to chew rocks...i wasnt their friend much longer...they should have been caught by his jaws!!!  (;
Love that pic!!!.gonna make a jig saw puzzle from it
Would go to the lake with him.
"Caught off-guard"
Where was this picture taken?
Yes the view is nice too
Where is this?
That's a fine pupper right there!
It sure it buddy. It sure is.
So many sticks.....
Gorgeous puppers
So cute.
You must be very proud.
From now on, whenever someone asks me what my goals are in life, I'm simply going to show them this picture.
Yes, he is
Dang fallout 76 looks great
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
Reactivating Dog Fort?
That colorizing is just out of control beautiful.  Nicely done.
Taking in all the natural splendor
beautiful dog
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?
What a majestic boi
It's over for incelpup now chaddog is here
SQUIRREL!
Cute dohgee. May I ask where this is? It IS magnificent!
Have you ever seen anything so full of splunder?
Can I have your life?
If only I could be so grossly incandescent
Your pups must be very proud
So buff
Subarashi!!
This could have been  a propaganda photo from Germany circa 1940
wow, Handsome dog.
The dog truly is magnificent!
That's quite a fence
Your clones are very impressive.
Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor ?
"I have decided to move here, so how can I do that?"
What video game is this?
Taken with the Google pixel?
Skipped leg day, brah.
tres belle bete
I had to squint to make sure this wasn't far cry 5 (goodbye Jacob onto Joseph)
Blondie?
This is the most majestic dog I have ever seen.
Looks like a boss to me!
Goddamn this is majestic and I didn’t even make it to enjoying the background of the picture. Good pup.
Tree bark? haven’t heard one yet
What breeder did you use? He is gorgeous!!
Boomer?
Is that Hitler's joint?
Dang
<3
That's actually just an amazing photo. Period.
"A good boy watches the water"
HOLY SHIT. Your GSD is my dream color —just read enough. Can you pm the breeder?
Yes! Also, cool mountain.
"Where do I find a boat?"
The chest to hip ratio is amazing. I bet there is some golden cut or Fibonacci sequence involved.
What did you use to take this ?
The last implicit stand of white identity.
Omg he's so handsome!
The dog or the view?
The dog is blocking the magnificent view
This looks more like a painting than a photo.  A very well-executed painting.
Looks like someone bulked up my Elli
Majestic...
Yeah that is a real good puppy with a lot more  brains than a lot of people in the population. Beautiful and thank you for your wonderful work and handsome picture. Awesome thanks
Is this a video game or real life?
"Have you ever seen anything so full of splendor?"
This reminds me of the photo backdrops I used to get my photos in front of at K-Mart.
He's enjoying the view
Great pic!
I'm imagining some kind of Disney movie with a talking German Shepherd. Maybe has another dog who's just a pup or something. Decides to take him under his wing as a ranger dog. I'm thinking either Lee Marvin or Paul Newman can do his voice.
Majestic!
I want a shepherd so badly
That’s a fucking doggo right there
Your dog is very impressive. You must be very proud.
That dog's gonna fuck your wife
[Her Majesty approves of all the majesty.](https://www.askideas.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Queen-Showing-Thumbs-Up-On-Her-Birthday1.jpg)
Realistic Dog ENB for Skyrim
Where is it ?
Is this one of them sloped-butt doggos? They look like they might have a droopy ass.
Yes, they both are.  (Dog and view.)
This may be the first time I've hopped on reddit and within the first couple posts said, "I no longer need to see anything else reddit has to offer me today"...
/r/germanshepard
Fallout 76 beta is already looking good
*smiles warmly* "yes, you are."
German breeds are the master breeds
Where is this?
Woof
That’s a nice post.
Woof
This dogs buffer than me.
That is one hell of badass dog.
Is that Yellowstone?
Yep
My sister and I were basically brought up by our rescued GS.  My mom seen him have a seizure and the guy kicked him. 

He was with us every minute out of school, we wer 7&9 yrs old.

King died at 13 from one seizure.. He was the master of our world. Many hero stories I could tell peeps. His name was KING.
Agreed  magnificent
Clean ass profile pic
He has a Corgi butt, erm, shoulder.
Fantastic shot! It does look like s/he is taking in the majestic scenery while being majestic.
Stormy's a gorgeous dog.
ok but where is this?
Wow. Truly a majestic specimen (and shot)
Yes sir, it is.
where was this photo taken?
I trust him
"Where's my pipe?"
Anyone else think this was a painting on first glance?
Honestly can’t decide if the dog or the scenery is more magnificent, but I’m highkey leaning towards the dog.
Great picture and great dog.
This puppy could be one of my girls twin!
There's something just so gorgeous about a well toned dog.  

Especially watching them run, it's like an artwork of engineering.
"Way over there - is that a *squirrel?"*
That’s a up vote printing machine
r/absoluteunit
Down the road, is where I'll always be..
German Sheppard are the best
Beauty of a pup. Man, I miss my boy. Been 9 years now but hell... These dogs are loyal and so so loving. Still after 9 years I miss my boy as if he passed yesterday.
Very strong looking doggo
Yes that dog certainly is.
Beautiful country. Is this in the Bavarian Alps? This gives me a deep sense of belonging. The distinction between society (Gesellschaft) and community (Gemeinschaft) is very important in German social thought. Gemeinschaft, community, connotes a much deeper kind of relationship than Gesellschaft, society. A National-Socialist term that intensifies the distinction is Volksgemeinschaft, community of the people. A term that intensifies the distinction in the other direction would be Aktiensgesellschaft, which means joint-stock company. A Gemeinschaft is a group of persons deeply linked to each other, whereas a Gesellschaft is a group of persons united by only external, practical considerations such as gaining money. It is important to note that in National-Socialist discourse, society and community are not interchangeable terms.
Absolutely maleficent
This is Ron Swanson’s spirit animal.
Looks just like one of those old-timey hand-colored photos.
DDDOGMEAT?!
Dogmeat sees a trap and he is thinking “should I trip that?”
It looks like we're gonna see Dogmeat in Fallout 76
He's thinking, "There comes a time in a dog's life when he realizes he's closer to the end than the beginning"
“Then South Park boys are at it again”
Such a good picture, what a pretty baby
This is incredible
/r/supermodeldogs
Eyewitness: "It was kind of dark... but ah... I saw the werewolf standing upright, just like a man, and looking at the lake. Then it turned and looked at me and I ran for life. I could hear it running toward me on all fours, it sounded like."
wow!
You must be very proud
This dog looks like it has more wisdom than me.
Awesome picture!
Sorry,  I just can't get over the fact of your great looking puppy,  looks like a good friend I knew.  Thanks for the picture and having a camera handy. Take care of yourself and your puppy.
This dog looks like the beast from the animated Beauty and the Beast!
As the majestic beauty stares into the distance he remembers ... He forgot leg day 😬😬😬
I've never seen Skyrim look so good. Those are some excellent mods.
Handsome! !
That dog certain seems to think that it's magnificent.
Precision German engineering.
Whoa. Stunning! I wish someone would come take pictures of my dogs like this!
I'd swipe right
What a photogenic stud
I said goodbye to my boy two days ago. I miss him so much. He was the best, handsomest boy
Holy crap, it looks like it's photoshopped. That's beautiful!
Does anyone know where this is?
OK serious reply to the OP, are they the owner of this pic? This is the life I want. Two German Shepards living in a cabin in the woods of Alberta Canada or Montana state. Ever since visiting the rockies last year I have been ticking over this idea of moving somewhere that looks like this. I love cold weather. I live in the beach tropics on the southern hemisphere. I live in a place others would consider paradise but ive been here for 35 years and want a 'sea-change'. What are the logistics of living like this? Is it expensive to live in a cabin in the woods? More expensive than living in a tourist trap?
My shepherd looks **exactly** like this, except a little bigger.
What a gorgeous picture.
Voice of Patrick Stewart
Where is this?
Too long has he been a good boy. He is ever so proud to finally be the greatest boy ever.
Ma’am get a candid photo of me right here ... let me just stare into distance
WoW! An incredible picture
What beautiful pup!
Blondi? Is that you??
Big Strong boi
Your dog is now my father.
I wanna grow old with that dog.
Dogmeat is going places!
I 👏 want 👏 to 👏 pet 👏 your👏 dog👏
The fuck do most german shepherds have [this](https://i.imgur.com/bFGCt9H.png) for?
This is the exact dog I would expect to start speaking English
That dog is built. Holy shit.
You got a best friend for life there. Absolutely beautiful.
Hitler s dog?
The goodest boy is on the watch
What you lookin at puppo 👀
nice back ground and i bet ur dog is cool but I looks like the back and the hind legs are the product of dumb breeding and ur dog is deformed.  neuter/spay it so future dogs wont suffer
What a gorgeous animal!
Beautiful doggo...bro's been lifting. Skipped leg day
What the scenery or the doggo?
M A J E S T I C B O Y E
What breed?
Absolute Unit the lad
Man purebred GSD's are a goddamn crime. Those little hind legs. They all get hip dysplasia long before their time. The Kennel Club and those who support it are trading status for the well being of animals. Sickening.
This is a nice german doggo.
Looks like he's about to invade Poland.
Yes you are doggo. Magnificent indeed.
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
At first I appreciated the fantastic dog, after that I told myself "hold on, it's like I've been there... I kinda recognize this place..."
Yep, I've been there with my doggos 😁 Lago di Braies, in Italy! Such a fantastic and immersive place!
Is that footage of Fallout 76? That looks really good, I’m glad they are bringing back Dogmeat.
He can bone me anytime.
Yes.
Absolute unit.
No
Absolute unit.
I hate sand. It gets everywhere.
Absolute unit
Leash your dog. Asshole
My Sheppie girl wants a date, she's in heat too!
I don't exactly see what's "cute" about this ... That guy could rip you up. Easily.
Is that offspring of Hitler’s Dog??
jbw§3a,el m yo>@nekl)elleellwwllqlll2lelekirkl2lleelelleellwwllqlll2lelekirkl2lleelswl🐄🐽🐎🐎🐏😆😉🏔😉😆
I'm sure there's a mod for that!
[Dogmeat found something]
is there an r/accidentalcosplay
Edit 1: Yes apparently
My first thoughts exactly
God damnit, I was gonna say that exact thing
Lol, that is actually quite a brilliant comment.
that's obviously Kaer Morhen
What is this a crossover episode?
Not dogmeat but still pretty cool.

https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/6542
Tbh he’d be a better companion on Skyrim anyway
Pretty sure this is Boomer from Farcry 5.
Lol
Meeko?
r/twohealthbars
Edit: correction
Mods
# MODS!!!
Hahahaha
Anything's possible with the Power of the Howard
I don't care but I'm ok with it.
Who's to say that this isn't a heavily modded image of Skyrim
You could eventually repost this as “Dogmeat found something”
Looks more like Kaer Morhen from Witcher 3  to me
came here for this exact comment.
Dogmeat is grey. (The real dogmeat)
"Hold on.... Ah, this spot is mine now. Let's go hooman, I need more territory!"
"This is a fertile land and we will thrive. We will rule over all this land! And we will call it… this land!"
Reddit. Where I come to  scroll until I find the *correct* meme-words for the meme. Not a sane way of consuming dog pictures, the one I discovered when they started giving us weed last week (canada). That's when I switched to reddit dog memes.

Reddit content gets me laughs in my nursing home. Stolen joke is still a joke, especially when I tell them I wrote it. Telling jokes in a nursing home makes you a little celebrity. Funny old guys with reddit votes get the action around here, IYKWIM. They're like Zeppelin groupies.  I'm stealing your joke, and this picture of the dog!  YOU CAN"T STOP ME!
Open borders! No dog pee!
And we will call it... This Land.
"Everything the pee touches is my kingdom."
Everything that fog touches are mine!
and I’ll fuck all the bitches
It's the superior German genetics
But he (like all modern purebred GSD breeds) skips leg days!

Swole chest, chicken legs.
In awe at the size of this lad
It looks like it skips every leg day
That's called the crunch from genetic degradation
Did not even notice that before I saw your comment then looked at the pic again. That really does look like a dog who gets a lot of opportunities to walk/ run around.
Absolute unit.
It's just dog. Are you 4?
Doggo power level 9000
That’s does look like something to me
Nice try, Ford.
Came here for this (happy cake day!)
happy cake day!!!
/r/Westworld is leaking and I’m totally okay with it
It looks like nothing to me
Came here for this. 

Also FUCK YOOUUUU
"This world's just too big for one dog to change."
"Shep, you know I wouldn't be here if I had any other choice. And there's one more thing: they have your hooman."
I want to see that movie...
"We're not joining your team Peter"
"I'm putting together a team"
"We're in"
You don’t understand, these boys killed my human.
I don't know that might be a girl
Ruff'n'buff
This boy did a 8 year bit in the pound.
I rock ruff n' stuff wit my afro puffs
r/dogsenjoyingnature
It meets his criteria. Over 50 lbs. Because "any dog under 50 pounds is a cat. and cats are pointless."
It is
I thought I recognized it. Scrolled down here for a confirmation :)

(The fence gave it away for me)
ctrl+f "prags" no match. scrolling down helped. but I recognized it by the background.
Lago di braies, south tyrol, italy
Shepherds. The word is Shepherds. They herd sheep.
What about their dogs? Do you love those, too? :)
I like my German Short Hair Pointers better (GSPs 4 Life!)
I think it has been taken with high dynamic range turned on. Has the ability to make photos look hyper realistic.
For real, I want this image as a puzzle.
Edit mod
You are doing a great service.
whats that in reference to? I know I've heard it some where
And i was just about to say that it needs more HDR. There is some depth still left in it..
That's because it's photoshopped to the point where it looks like a fucking painting.
lol   

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b9/f3/5b/b9f35b014dc8962de2da71fa6f87c497.jpg
I'm glad I'm not the only sick bastard who thought this seemingly innocent photo was eerily similar to Nazi propaganda.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKJIlMVEqD0
250,000 GOOD BOIS
We modified their genetic structure to make them less independent than the original host. As a result they are totally obedient, taking any order without question.
In awe at the size of the lad
In awe of the size of this lad.
The dude is more jacked than i
How about mythical , for it is a once in a life time experience
Italy.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragser_Wildsee
Italy.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragser_Wildsee
Italy.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragser_Wildsee
Wow so majesti… oh...oh that's dark.
General Kenobi!
In awe at the size of the lad
Because he’s a German Shepard? Intuitive question sir.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b9/f3/5b/b9f35b014dc8962de2da71fa6f87c497.jpg
they are moles
Ein Prachtexemplar, den sollte man ganz bestimmt nicht mit einem Dackel paaren. Was wird dann aus dem reinrassigen deutschen Schäferhund? Ein Schäferdackel, und wenn sich zwei Schäferdackel paaren, kommt da je wieder ein Schäferhund bei raus? Nein, der geht doch dabei vollkommen verloren!
You are not wrong. 

https://www.louisdonald.com/problems-in-the-german-shepherd-dog---a-response.html
Looks like a German Shepherd
Luckily you can find GSDs that aren't built like that. Ours has a normal shaped back. It is sad that she wouldn't do well in shows because of this, she's a great dog.
The only GSDs that get hip dysplasia are the ones bred for show. Working line shepherds, or any shepherd that doesn't have a sloped back really, doesnt automatically get hip dysplasia. Too bad that due to a small minority of the breed that inherently has it, everyone assumes they all have it. I'm sensing a lack of understanding about these dogs and the different blood lines.
Giving into old attack dog stereotype are we?
Such a majestic woofer.
If someone modded Barbas then he would be invincible too.
There is! I had it years and years ago!
Same engine. Should be possible.
Putting dogmeat into skyrim or putting skyrim into fallout?
Watch what you say! They’ll ban you!
I wish there was, I’ve tried.
Like my comment if you pee on the toilet seat
[Triggers Spike Trap]
Dogmeat: I am sworn to carry your burdens.
*runs headlong into battle with the legendary deathclaw you've been sneak stalking for the past hundred meters*
Goddammit Dogmeat, I don't need any more screwdrivers!
I think Boomer is an Australian Cattle Dog! Heckin' good scout doggo.
If i pee in a lake does it become mine?

Edit: Is this lake louise?
I think we should call it your grave!
So that's how Germany got it's name....

Deutschland
>"one day I'll pee all over this land and claim it as mine" - Golda M (not that one, another one)
Then I gotta tell you: I stole it from someone else, hahaha
Careful. 😉

Sadly, these schnitzel-bois often end up with hip dysplasia. That's their genetics after humans got to tinkering.
Precision German (Bio)Engineering.
Well, not this one.

See how the back isn't straight, it kind of curves downwards the closer you get to its butt? That's a sign of it being an inbred pure breed.

Someone else in this thread posted [this](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b9/f3/5b/b9f35b014dc8962de2da71fa6f87c497.jpg), and yeah I know it has Hitler in it lol, but it's a good example of a healthy German Shepherd. Notice how its back is straight and doesn't curve.
Too soon.
Read this as if Dwight was saying it
Huh, I thought it was superior German Engineering! - Reinhardt.
But he looks like he might be Belgian?
Not the new Germans though.
[deleted]
Trust me their legs are just as jacked they just don't look as cut because there's more fur there and the hind legs are shaped differently so there is more muscle in the thigh.
That's because they don't need much muscle in what'd be the equivalent to a humans forearms and shins. All their muscle is in their biceps and thighs as far as legs go. 

A well bred German shepherd has beastly thighs and biceps. Same with the muscles in their torso, neck and head. Massive.
My gsd was a beast. He could jump as high as your head. Miss that guy.
Absolute unit.
No u
Fuck you, Robert!
Happy cake day!
“I know you see good and evil, but all I see are shades of gray.”
Shepherd turns to face the Colonel, then looks back at the lake.

"So...what do I have to fetch this time?"
True, but photogenic all the same :)
Are you saying girls can’t be good bois?
Boi with an i is gender neutral
I thought the same thing, but doubtful with the size of this magnificent guy. :)
Shepherds are one of the few breeds (imo) where the females actually look feminine.  More slender in the face, softer features.
The hips would be bigger and the head would be shaped differently. 

t. female German Shepherd owner
Tuff’n’stuff
I disagree with that statement for the sake of border collies and blue heelers
It seems like every fantastic landscape photo that has stood out to me in the last month has been Italy/Switzerland. I think I need to go to there.
Not Shep?
Shouldn’t it be Sheepherds then??
...I dont know why I've never thought of that. "Shepherd" is one of those words I have to slow down to spell because I always mess it up. Thank you! 

This is very important because I currently have two German Shepherds (I usually use "GSDs" when writing about them so I don't mess up the lack-of-h) and I feel like I should have made the association years ago.
And he loves Shepards.
Fixed.
German sheep, apparently.

Particularly relevant since this is in a part of northern Italy where they speak German.
Not she pherds?
That’s honestly one of the best photos I’ve ever seen.
Prequel memes
HDR does what now.
I know this is a picture in the 1940s and that is Hitler. But it also looked like the woman behind him was texting.
Blondi was a skinny dog. Probably only did cardio and didn't lift.
C L O N E D  B O Y E S
s o

m a n y

f r e n s
No... The location...
He’s a good boy
The natural beauty gives him paws.
I'm sure there's a mod for that!
Barbas was splendid. But sometimes he pushed me off a cliff when I was climbing... madlad.
Although I prefer my dogs to bork, not speak.
Yes
[Alerts entire bandit camp, then super mutant comes along]
[Triggers Laser bombs]
Yeap, but the scenery was more FarCry 5 so I thought it’d be fine to take some creative freedom! :p
Only one way to find out!
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
- Wayne Gretzky
:=)
Well that is kind of true. Most US breeding of GSD’s has lead to prevalent cases of HD; European GSD’s tend to be less prone.
As I understand it, there are show-line and working-line, the former of which tend to have the hip issues.
One of the great tragedies of GSD's is their rear hips. They got fucked up from inbreeding and now it's "breed standard" so the cycle is perpetuated. GSD's without that rear haunch are a rare sight.
> That's their genetics after humans got to tinkering.

That's pretty reductive since it's not like humans took the GSD and then tinkered with it - causing hip dysplasia. 

Human tinkering created the GSD in the first place, there are no 'Pre-human-tinkering GSDs.' Their existing is the result of human tinkering. So is their hip dysplasia. Breeding can be done well, or it can be done poorly. Like a knife, it's a tool which can cause damage when applied incorrectly or without care. That's not really reflection on the practice generally. People shouldn't breed dogs on a whim, just like someone shouldn't swing around a knife on a whim. Both can lead to very real suffering.
I had to put down my boy because of hip dysplasia: I wish there were an afterlife just to tell him I love him.

It's been a long time (17 years) but I still feel a sting in my heart whenever I see a German Shepherd.
The breed has such a bent lower back and underdeveloped hind legs. It's like human body builder who skips leg days!
Lol  jews BTFO!!!! HAJAHA
Thank you!
She is a she and is on Instagram. alefranz_kim.gsd
[removed]
[removed]
She is a she and is on Instagram. alefranz_kim.gsd
Puff 'n' stuff
I concur. Have a 40ishlb Husky/Blue Heeler mix. She's an alarm system, moderate defense system, huntress, bug catcher, food disposal unit, bed warmer, and best friend all in one, plus some.
I disagree because I like cats too. Meow
I disagree ss well because Jack Russells are great dogs for every situation.
"Oh mah gawd, Becky! Nooo! That's, like, such a looooong word with that extra vowel and all!"
It took me until reddit to figure out why people would even spell it any other way, but exposure to "Shepard" as a last name is probably more common in modern times than "Shepherd" is as an occupation. 

...and you need to pay the dog tax. :)
“Sir we’re not meant to be good boyes”

“Not to me.”
He's a majestic boy*
Goddammit ~~Lydia~~ Dogmeat.
[[Triggers massive laser trap and kills Sole Survivor]](https://gfycat.com/UniformRealImperialeagle)
You picked a bad time to get lost, friend!
"I'm a leaf on the wind"
at first I thought you didn't read it.
- Michael Scott
Thank you. My GSDs come from European lines with clear hip and elbow xrays and little to no cross breeding for 5 generations.
Is that because of different regulations?
US GSD are abominations, they have extended to Mexico too, seen the ones with HD
American GSDs tend to be useless for work.
Mine looks exactly like the one in the picture, (he’s 120lbs) by the time he was 8 months we discovered that the muscles on his hind legs practically gave out, we de PT and when we go on long walks he has to wear booties on his hind legs (he drags them so his nails get dangerously short). Poor doggo, every time he tries to pee with his leg up he falls over
Yeah working ones tend to have other types of doggos in the family tree. In Europe every so many generations has to be including a non GS to avoid issues like that.
the 3-point stack makes people think this is more extreme than it really is. in most major clubs, gsd are the only breed with a specialized stack that changes the line of their rear. a good judge should still be able to see if a topline is straight and if rear angulation is okay, through movement too. here is a labrador in a 3-point stack https://img00.deviantart.net/f65a/i/2013/197/c/a/dixie___gsd_stack_xd_by_huntinlabs-d6donx6.jpg

heres some gsd in both 3 and 4-point stacks https://78.media.tumblr.com/b2885393b0a1451da4b3570939c66c91/tumblr_inline_o66b8tw5p91s6deag_1280.jpg

https://img00.deviantart.net/10d5/i/2013/124/3/6/german_shepherd_dog___stacked_comparison_by_petrichore-d644e4a.jpg

http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u222/Xepherya/Wesson/SlopedandStraight.jpg

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-b50MooGdUBA/VoQROaOuQAI/AAAAAAAAt-0/zrjziwEV2o4/w800-h800/1930720_548155528691642_4378171300080456828_n.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/EenpJBM.jpg

american showlines and euro working lines represented fwiw. a lot of dogs placing recently have also been very moderate, beautiful dogs. they're also number 37 in hip dysplasia rankings by breed according to the OFA, the english bulldog is number 1. you can see their statistics here https://www.ofa.org/diseases/breed-statistics#disease

there are issues in the breed but it isn't because of their written standard or anything like that, and they are definitely not the worst off despite the nightmarish picture people paint of them based on those extreme examples from really shitty breedings.
Mine is a straight back. She's awesome.
Check out royal air german shepherds if you have a minute. The lady really seems to try to breed old working lines with nice straight backs.
I have a rare non-sloping shepherd and he's beautiful. People comment on that a lot.
I have one with almost zero rear slope. Vet says I got very lucky because the more slope, the more prone GSDs are to HD.
Happy cake day!
Wow! She is gorgeous and a big girl! Thanks for sharing!

/u/R1CHARDCRANIUM, your comment was removed for the following reason:  

* Instagram links are not allowed in this subreddit. Handles are allowed (e.g. @example), as long as they are not a hotlink. (this is a spam prevention measure. Thank you for your understanding)   

To have your comment restored, please edit the instagram link out of your comment, then send a [message to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/aww&subject=Request to restore comment by /u/R1CHARDCRANIUM&message=This [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8stm65/magnificent_isnt_it/e12rlmo/?context=3?context=10\) was removed for containing an instagram link.)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/aww) if you have any questions or concerns.*

/u/R1CHARDCRANIUM, your comment was removed for the following reason:  

* Instagram links are not allowed in this subreddit. Handles are allowed (e.g. @example), as long as they are not a hotlink. (this is a spam prevention measure. Thank you for your understanding)   

To have your comment restored, please edit the instagram link out of your comment, then send a [message to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/aww&subject=Request to restore comment by /u/R1CHARDCRANIUM&message=This [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8stm65/magnificent_isnt_it/e12rk7s/?context=3?context=10\) was removed for containing an instagram link.)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/aww) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buff'n'fluff
PLO'S BROS
woofer.
Or good grrrrurl!
I’m sworn to carry your bones.


Grrrrrr
I’ve just got there in my newest play through. 
First reaction: Ohhhh lots of good components for me. 

Then: fuck me.
I think players have such an issue about dogmeat running into things is because they dont trwat him like an actual dog. You still gotta tell him to stay, like you would an IRL dog. Immerse in that way and youll see a difference with him as a companion...that or find a mod that upgrades his AI
And now I'm sad again.
There it is!
"pure german engineering"
Apart from wolves obviously, I wonder what are the most 'natural' dog breeds where there's been less human intervention in terms of artificial selection.
We had a great European GSD, such a great girl, really friendly to everyone. 

Except my friend Steven Weissman. I don't know why, but she didn't like him.
Same here.. I got both a West-German Showline and a Czech Workline.
Are those similar to the lines used in the military and the police force?
What? That's... not a thing that happens, especially not in GSDs. Also, working lines are just as prone to HD as show lines.
Thanks for the well informed follow up.
Your comment still supports kennel club standards, you even said "good judge" no such thing, define "good judge" what are their credential on genetics and what data do they use?
Breeding any animal for looks over health will result in health problems
Whilst stacking can certainly mislead people, there is still an over-representation of hip dysplasia in GSDs compared to other breeds.  Frankly, dog shows and kennel clubs should be showing dogs in a stance that demonstrates their health for the sake of showing the public that they do care about health of the breed; show them standing square instead of stacked, and there will be a lot less public outcry.
"Old working lines" were not huge. They were smaller. She is a color breeder that breeds oversized GSDs. I absolutely do not recommend.
You can't just say that and not show us.
Aw thank u :’)
Wuff'n'wuff?
Vorspung bark technique
100% GERMAN POWER
Not too pure! We'd end up where we started
[NOTHING BAD HAPPENED!](https://youtu.be/sacn_bCj8tQ)
Obviously pugs. Duh.
Pariah Dogs are about as natural as they get, there is very little influence from humans for these street dogs.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pariah_dog
German Shepard’s and huskies are pretty much the most pure dog breeds. Most dogs like labs and golden retrievers are pretty normal too. Also most really large dogs like blood hounds, Great Danes and ~~daschhunnds~~ Rhodesian Ridgeback are up there
Malamute may be top of the list, but it's a disputed topic for sure.
Karelian bear dogs
Going after the looks it’s probably a Tamaskan
Probably the 7 ancient breeds
Huskies
Mostly, yes. Or they're the first generation and bred to other first generation dogs. 

I just got a male from a litter where the female was bred and then shipped over and the puppies born in the US. 

I have an anchor baby. 🐶😃
Yeah, I don't know why you're being downvoted for saying something true. Pure bred dogs are just that, pure bred. Of course, this does result in less genetic diversity and thus more health risks, but your comment wasn't saying it was either good or bad, just that that is the way it is.  


What I have heard, and this seems to be true of almost all breeds in my experience, is that German Shepherds coming from European stock have a lower risk of health problems than their US counterparts. Idk if maybe the US is more prone to overbreeding and breeding lesser quality animals, but I honestly don't know all that much about differing breeding practices in differing countries. If you are really determined to get a purebred dog though, absolutely do a lot of research on their common health issues, and find a good breeder.
Why the hell are you getting down voted for the truth? You do NOT introduce something else in a purebred line and expect to remain able to register the offspring. That's just... dumb.
i see it as simply pointing that the standard isn't the issue with what's being talked about. the slope is from how a dog is stacked, as already illustrated. roachback isn't stacking, and is a different issue and directly against the standard. hip dysplasia isn't related to stacking. that's it. 

some judges have better credentials than others and i don't know the requirements by kennel club. i know standards because of breed research rather than support of kennel clubs. i study dogs, breeds, and genetics, but i don't personally have involvement with any kennel club, and only loose involvement with some breed clubs. 

edit: fwiw breed clubs write the standards, then submit those to a larger club to be approved for participation. so if you dislike the way a certain breed standard is written , the author and approval came from the parent breed club.
and the look being discussed (the slope you see in the ring) has nothing to do with health and is acheived through stacking, not breeding. hip dysplasia has known causes, a 3-point stack and flying trot aren't any of them, though. ftr, the top issue in the gsd is degenerative myelopathy, not hip dysplasia. the breed ranks 12 for this issue. sources provided above.
Glædelig cake day!
Das Doggo
CATCH PHRASE!
Oh yeah I guess that's right. I was thinking teacup poodles would probably be the closest to wolves but you're right pugs.
I know your being sarcastic, but if you wanna see something truly disturbing image search "pug skull". It's kinda morbid but it really drives home how absolutely deformed they are.
Are basenjis decedents from the pariah dog?  My first dog was a mix, even the shelter wasn't sure what he was.  A few people who saw him said he looked/behaved like a basenji.  

I'd never heard of the breed, but was told it's one of the first domesticated dogs.  I've googled it a few times & while the lists of "earliest dog breeds" are fairly consistent (& basenji is one) some of the specifics vary.
Thank you for saving me the hassle of googling that!
since when are daschunds “really large dogs”?
I find a great way to determine some common health problems in a breed is to compare the skeleton of said breed to that of a wolf. The more wolf-like in shape (even if the not at all similar in size) generally the less problems. You just can't beat millions of years of evolution when it comes to health.
From Wiki:

> Tamaskan dogs are a Finnish dog crossbreed that has been specifically bred to resemble a wolf. It is a cross of several types of sled dogs, including the Siberian Husky and the Alaskan Malamute, and some wolfdog.

Interesting. Though artificially bred ;)
Yeah but I mean in terms of the common ones today.
No wonder they look so handsome (for a dog).
aww, you have such a majestic dog, meanwhile I've got a pair of adorable derpy mutts.
I think they are downvoting my working line comment. Which is fine, I'm used to it lol.

I've met many, many GSDs both from overseas (Germany and the Czech Republic mainly) and from here. Everywhere and every line has HD. The most prone to HD would definitely be 'back yard bred' or dogs from generations of no health testing. But well bred European dogs get HD just as commonly as well bred American dogs.
Yeah, good or bad, it just doesn't happen. But I'm sure people are downvoting my show line comment. I'm used to it lol.
If you did much breed research into German shepherds you would have seen how yes due to some people back in the day at dog shows. The sloped back trend was started then selectivity breed for. Thus causing more hip problems. And is the norm requirement at this point in the bigger dog shows. So yes the standard is the problem due to it having been set by the people that started the bs winning shows with it.
Crushing it- keep spreading the truth! Love my GSD- and there are certainly some issues but the 3 point stack makes things considerably worse.
Das Hund
Don't forget that untamed beast, the chihuahua.
I believe so, though I am definitely no expert in this topic so I may be completely wrong! Basenjis  are believed to have originated from central Africa, and are descendants of African pariah/village dog types. A lot of the 'primitive breeds' share common traits. A short red coat, pricked ears, medium build, and slightly curved tail are what usually pop up when generations of dogs breed without human interference. Basenjis are definitely considered a more primitive breed than most, and have a lot of the characteristics that are expected from primitive dogs (short red coat, pricked ears, a 'yodelly bark', super independent temperament ).
Fuck I got the name mixed up with ridgeback
That’s a cool way of figuring it out
Street mutt
Swedish Valhund
Imagine this guy saying that to anyone associated with the SV in Europe. He'd probably end up with a broken nose. If there were "other types of doggos" in a line? No chance that the FCI would recognize it as a breed. #facepalm
statistics show a downward trend in hip dysplasia in the breed. and no, the standard wouldn't be the issue there. youre describing a much larger issue of club politicking. the standard has never  alled for roachback or low pasterns. the judges, however, are not always adhering to their duty. that's a separate issue and a big reason i am not personally involved in strict conformation.
Das boot?
Pretty sure it's Yorkies. As my little yorkie wolf goes into his den.. aka next to me under the blanket. Yeah-- total wolf.
:) funny to imagine a giant wiener dog though
I still feel it's sad dogs can't roam free in most places. I remember one country/town that did let them roam free and it was a beautiful thing.
Das boof
They exist. Standard Daschunds!
You must be thinking of [The land of the strays](https://youtu.be/r8l-QocR_zg) in Costa Rica
Doggy paradise!

Actually the one I'm thinking of is where they were free to run in the streets and they socialized without humans being around. Think it was in the ME somewhere...
How do I rotate text in ms paint
Derivative
I support this
I’ve recently started doing a bunch of self care work and attempting to be a better person to combat OCD and Depression, it really does make you feel fantastic.
I love this, I really needed this today. Thanks for reminding me why I’m subbed.
Loss
[deleted]
Not on this sub
I love that last administrator dancing back with him. Heart warming.
Feel like dancing myself now
What spirit!!

Congratulations to them on their graduation.
r/mademesmile
Damnit I needed to smile today and this was gold.

Work can wait. Stress can fuck off.

We can be this happy if we choose to.
Can someone educate me on Down’s syndrome please; would this be like a ‘participation’ diploma or so Down’s people have the cognitive ability to pass high school?
Was this not posted like a day ago?
I don’t know if this is standard everywhere for every person with Downs Syndrome, but for my brother (who has Downs and is now 25 yearsold), he got a honorary “completed 12 years of school” certificate, not the official high school diploma. He still walked the stage with the other graduates, went to prom, etc.
Ah ok, he still completed 12 years worth of school work just at a different level, thanks.
Melvin is a sweet boy.
“Downward dog? Oh no, no, no, this well never do. I suppose I’ll have to rescue her myself...must I do everything around here?”

-Melvin, probably
He’s just way too cute.
I love that sweet affectionate kitty, and your gf has a beautiful smile!
You are both lucky to have such a friendly and affectionate cat. It's clear that he loves her!
This just reminds me of what I used to do to purposely get attention from my cats. They wouldn't have anything to do with me if I called them by name, or went to them to pet/cuddle with them. If I started doing an active activity on the ground like yoga or workouts, they are all over me trying to interfere. So I started to pretend to do yoga/workouts whenever I wanted attention from them and it worked perfectly. 

I miss my cats.
melvin 2020
Dude, is that a legit boombox on the counter?

Also: why does she do yoga in the kitchen?

Also: something something Melvin.
That's a sweet ghetto blaster you got there.
When ever I do downward dog my dog likes to lick my face and go under me like I'm a bridge.
I know all gray tabbies look very alike, but this looks *exactly* like my cat.  Down to the little white spot on his chest.
Sweet boombox, bro
Can't blame him!
That cat's in love.
Dammit this was adorable
Have it with sound?  Cat's probably purring like crazy.
Shallow yogis.. always filming themselves stretching lol.  Cute cat though
Ohh, look. I accidentally set up the camera like this and this just happened...
What a cutie. The cats annoying though 😂
“If you’ve got time to stretch you’ve got time to give pets”
Melvin, probably
Yes it is!! It is my roommates. 

We live in a pretty small basement suite and our living room opens to the kitchen, So what you see is just kitchen but she is actually in between the living room and the kitchen.

Also, Yes!!! MELVIN!
They do it to monitor technique.
Username checks out
She knew this was going to happen and just wanted to share what it's like to try and do yoga with the cat around. Art is a lie!!!!
I suspect the camera is for her to evaluate her poses later and improve her technique.
ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..
That makes a lot more sense now lol 

Still not a fan of the puddles that upload this garbage.
Sent to the shadow realm
Such a beautiful animal. RIP Koko
She taught us so much about what we were blind to. What we weren’t looking for. A true legend.
RIP Koko.
Koko named this kitten herself. She was called Lip Lipstick because of her pink nose and mouth.
RIP my friend. More human than a lot of us.
i think its adorable how she was able to pet it with FOUR HANDS    
:)
Bye koko
Sweet lady
RIP you beautiful soul♥️
Bill Burr would have something to say about this
I knew she would eventually stop tearing them in half
https://youtu.be/CJkWS4t4l0k
I never thought of how pets could think of us as mere playmates and not their owners until I saw this photo.
You realize there's no evidence she could actually intelligently communicate and it was just an extended con job right
Have to disagree with you on that one, their is a difference in her being able to publish any real scientific dissertation due to the formality and lack of process and fraud. Koko is obviously playing with this cat, which is deeply abnormal for a primate and shows waves of socialization we had no comprehension of. Did Koko necessarily talk with Robin Williams back and forth in conversation.... probably not. 
No journal will accept Koko’s life purely in a scientific journal but how can you look at this gorilla and not see some real life strides in linguistics and social communication ?
Clever Hans.
Right, except this wasn’t a horse tapping to “figure out” a specific algorithm from its handlers. “Clever Hans” is not nearly the same in scope as Koko. Look the gorilla’s handler (Patterson)  could have made more diagnostic studies, but if this picture is any indication to anything.... this was a peculiar primate with sensibilities most never have. 
Something unique happened between this gorilla and Patterson, maybe not to the extent proclaimed but even most animal behaviorists are dumb founded due to the growing empathetic social nature Koko developed during her lifetime.
Cat: I have to establish dominance early on. He may be 10 times bigger than me, but I’m the boss.
The cat has vanquished a worthy foe.
Yep. Viscious killer pitbull right there...

Edit: spelling
If i play dead it might leave me alone
❤️❤️❤️
He has his thinking cat on...
Patient dog
All the better to swat at!
What a large snoot you have!
Good girle.

THAT CAT'S EYES THOUGH

<3
Security
r/thisismylifenow
What a vicious killer!  See how this murderous hound allows it's pretty to develope a false sense of security by letting it call on it's face.... Brutal.
Lol, my cat looks a lot like that cat.
I see viscuosness is not in this dogs vocabulary
Does that kitteh have matted ear fur? What's going on there?
Plot twist: That cat killed the dog and OP noticed after taking the picture
>	Cat: ~~I have to establish dominance early on. He may be 10 times bigger than me, but~~ I’m the boss.

FTFY
The cat rules our household with an iron grip.
Much ferocious
Vicious. Although also appears to be viscous.
Spoiler: it doesn’t.
😻😻😻
Between the puppy and the kitten she is incredibly patient!
Just the way the light caught it I guess.
GrrrrRRrrR
Ha.  Oops.
I'd be more scared of the cat. They're cute evil little things. But, I love 'em.
I'll have a Crown and Coke, my buddy will have a Milk-Bone, neat.
What a good boy
“Bro, know you’re the only one working the bar, but you didn’t even acknowledge me for 8 min..whoa what is this? Bro that’s awesome, moar!”
Imagine being the girl  laying guitar in the back and realising a dog’s stealing your thunder
The goodest of boys
Is that a muppet?
This looks like a person in a fluffy dog suit.
Your bear needs help getting on the couch
Is that... is that Prince Eric's dog, Max?
I had one of these supreme cuddle floofs growing up and they are absolutely the doofiest. I miss that nerd.
Looks like he got floofy pants on!
What breed of dog is that?
#T H I C C#
At first glance, I thought this was a giant guinea pig
We had an Old English Sheepdog when I was a kid. If we went out in the car anywhere with her, she’d enthusiastically jump in with her front legs and then just look at us until someone lifted her back legs in for her.
Does he make it??????
I love this generally and as a metaphor.
So cute!!
Life is hard!
Ba-dog-adonk
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Poor thing is probably still at it. 🐾
Some say he's still struggling to this day...
Heeeelp the floofer pls
I wanna help him!!!
You can’t fool me, that’s a dude in a dog suit
That ain’t no damn dog
Way to find your footing!
Samson, what happened to you? 

(not for non Dutch or Belgians among us, Samson and Gert was a children's program on Dutch and Belgian TV)
[r/donthelpjustfilm](https://www.reddit.com/r/donthelpjustfilm/?st=JIPR105F&sh=bc1b029a)
Take the road less traveled they said. It’d be fun they said
So fluffy!!!!🤩
I love Rocco!!!
You must be a very cute strugglebus! Haha this dog is so adorable
Not sure if this is a dog or OP is a furry.
He looks like he's wearing fur pant at the 4s mark.
Who are these people who film their dogs struggling instead of helping them?
Who let the Wookie in here?
Aww I just wanna help the poor thing
Big ol’ booty!
That is a stoopid doggo
Someone ...give a hand... a little lift up and all be sorted
There's an easier route on the left
Absolute U N I T
It’s so stressful to watch this! Go help your dog! If not to be nice... Aren’t you worried about your sofa getting all scratched up?
I just started playing chess. It made me realize how much life is like chess. Even with knowing the rules and lots of practice it is still really hard. Life is like playing a game of chess for the first time and you only get one shot.
He just wants to relax on the couch after chasing Fraggles all day...
This is Rocco the old English sheepdog! I’ve followed him and his dog bro whiskey. It’s the account rocco_roni on IG. LOVE OES such muppets
He just needs a hand...
I honestly thought this was a different sub and was expecting a reveal that it was animatronic
Or is that a man?
its a womble
I thought the same thing!
I have a sheep dog now and he's just the stupidest thing ever but I love him so much
English sheepdog
Dulux dog
I have to lift his front legs and then his butt into the car...they’re so goofy!
Yes! :)
Nope! It was used and originally from IKEA. Spoiler, he makes it :)
Poor Sprocket just can’t catch a break
Yes! Thanks for loving my dog <3
Give it to him! I can't take this....
I bet he's pretty sweet though.
Ye Olde variety.
We have to pick ours up to get him in the car as well. They are a goofy breed. :)
Oh good! Thanks for soothing my anxiety!
I love Rocco so much! If I could deal with the fur situation I'd want an English Sheepdog for myself
haha I didn't realize you posted it too, thought someone else was trying to take credit for Rocco! But yes absolutely love your pups, started following short before you moved to Chicago.
Super sweet. Never knows when to stop asking for pets though
Yes! It’s actually me for once haha
All part of their charm, friend. Super furry scritches are the best!
That's true :)
While the ref looks on
Every bunny was kung fu fighting!
Haters are going to say this is still a re-post [https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
That's no game. The attacking bunny has a small shank knife and the other is bopping  for his life, looking for a chance to kick attackers knife out of his bunny paw. You can see the small knife on his paws, if you zoom in real close, just before the hop.
This is binkying, they do this when they feel happy and safe.
*bunnies
Press A to jump
This is their mating ritual. Prepare yourself for the invasion.
It’s all fun and games until the mean ol hawk swoopes in and grabs them.
"Let me get that ass!" 

"Nope"

"Let me get that ass!" 

"Nope"

"Let me get that ass!" 

"Nope"

"Let me get that ass!" 

"Nope"

"Let me get that ass!" 

"Nope"
[The human equivalent](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EocT9iG7Y4)
"I know your every move"

*teleports behind you*

"NANI?!"
Imagine being able to jump over 2-3 times your height without issue
oh my gosh my boy ovaries
Playing leap frog
I think you mean "about to fuck," because that's a mating/courting ritual there.
Me in Rocket League while waiting for a game
Bunnies!
"Cute bunnys playing in my backyard"

I find this a little doubtful, as I'm pretty sure I've seen this same video dozens of times, so I question your claim of this being in YOUR backyard and your video.  That said, I can't seem to find any previous posts, so I may be completely crazy and throwing out wild accusations...  

Can anyone verify either way?

EDIT: /u/CrazyKirsch came through down below, it appears I was thinking of a different, but weirdly similar, video (comment directly below).  Please disregard my doubting of OP; and to /u/RampagingPuffin directly, I apologize for my incorrect accusations.
I think that's two males charging each other bc they both want to do the do with that female.
Bunny jousting
Can't touch this...
Someone plz put Mario music and sound effects on this 😂!!!
Little Bunny FooFoo I don't want to see you scooping up the field mice and punching them in the face.
The best 45 seconds of my day
When a spy tries to matador you
Liar, this video has been posted many times before, and those videos are not in your account. Think about it you Karma Whore.
Yeah, no this isn't in your back yard.
This is exactly what happened in Watership Down.
I like that bystander bunny.
Third bunny shouting "for fuck sake dave you know he's gonna jump give your head a wobble"
"Come at me again motherfucker!  You don't think I can jump over that weak attack?!"
Someone should add the Kirk vs Spock fight music.
Add the Mario jump sound
Are you a Disney princess?
Mating ritual
Omg so cute! I actually giggled while watching this ahhh the HOP
Mario Galaxy?
We have lots of wild eastern cotton tail rabbits in the backyard and they do this alot. It's very cute.
I’m just picturing a rabbit version of that movie that just came out about friends playing tag for 30 years.
This reminds me of when I was about 7. Came home after shopping with my mom to find 2 rabbits in the front yard. Me being a kid I got out of the car and chased them to which we had a small kids pool in the backyard. The two rabbits take off towards the pool and one goes parallel with it and the other springboards off the others back right into the pool. Thankfully my dad was home as he got the rabbit out with a pool skimmer. After that it was easy to tell which rabbit hopped in the pool as his fur was lighter.
Adorable!  I have two pet bunnies and they do this when they’re happy too.
This has got to be a mating duel or something. Still cute tho.
Are they competing for a female?
had to look up to make sure this was the aww subreddit and not nature is metal otherwise this video was going south quicker than bambi vs godzilla.
Ole!!
That’s either a mating dance and the one standing still is the old boyfriend, or some kind of rabbit leap frog and the one standing still is ref.
Bunnys play going zoom and jump, cool
Probably arguing over the female
Bunnies*
Looks like a teacher in harry potter teaching attack spells.

"On three..."

"...Again."

"...Again."
Chicken bunnies ☺️🤗
I like how one is just sitting there watching the other two waiting his turn xD
I always scroll down in this subreddit expecting there to be something about the image being animal abuse or these animals are fighting to the death and it’s not cute.

But then I read they just feel safe and that’s a nice change.
awwww....sooo...cute!!!
\[Tiny voice\]: ¡Olé!
Stop vertical video syndrome
Umm...cute bunnies do this before they smash.
I thought it was Leap Frog, not Bunny Hop.
Can’t touch this
I want your backyard yo
Sick of seeing the trailer for Tag everywhere.
It looks like they’re playing a turn based game
CRaZy dERaNged BUNnIEs chArGe at EAcH OtHeR FuLL SpEEd
Andale Andale!
Cute!!! I fell inlove lol
The awesome little things they do when we aren't bothering them. Good video.
Fucking newbs they don’t know how to rocket ride
man there are like no bunnies in my city, only rabbits, specifically snowshoe hare. they're cool in the winter but they look oogly in the spring/summer.

pretty decent camouflage though. i've been surprised a bunch of times when what i thought was a rock out of the corner of my eye jumped up and started dashing away while i was working.
Cool, I do the same thing when my teammates try to ram me in Rocket league
Leap frog skill: 100
This made me smile so wide my face hurts
Biomutant irl
they are preparing for something
This is basically Rocket League with people who've just given up on life and decide they need to take it out in game.
232 comments and not one Monty Python Holy Grail reference??? I am disappointed in you, Reddit.
I hear the Mario/Yoshi jump sound every time that little one jumps. Super cute! How lucky are you?!
Reminds me of trying to run my buddy over in Borderlands with one of the cars.
Did you shoot em and eat em?
Bunnies playing leap frog
Never seen bunnies playing before
I was kind of expecting a hawk to come and take one of them away.

But I guess that would be /r/awwwtf .
Woo hoo! Woo hoo! Woo hoo!
It looks like one bunny playing an arcade game using two other bunnies. Or like, 2 males trying to impress a lady.
Achooooo
Good job Ron!
What, I can’t sneeze now?
I wish I could do that every time someone charged at me.
http://media.fakeposters.com/results/2014/03/03/po0aa33mbl.jpg
Spoilef alert. Iirc, they're not playing. Male bunny just wants to get some of that female bunbun aye
Hopscotch
I always enjoyed watching my rabbits play, I enjoyed them even more after I roasted them with some parsley and garlic
Be careful bro, those things breed like rabbits..
Olay!
My heart grew three sizes today seeing this how sweet !!
Called "Binky's".
But I thought that only frogs played that game...
This needs some /r/michaelbaygifs action.
Jeremy Renner as a rabbit in this summers biggest hit.... TAG
Me playing Rocket League and avoiding the 5th  Demolish attempt because I'm too good at saving shots
That had to be one of the most adorable things I’ve seen in the world
*sproing sproing*
These little fuckers can jump as high as the average human can, but are 1/20 the height. Even discounting the reduced weight, think about how powerful those legs are
That's honestly fuckin' wild! I was rooting these little boys on the whole time! I think that shit is really cool!
this is so pure oh my god my heart
You just won /r/aww.
This is called a Binky! https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/8sxx5t/til_that_when_rabbits_hop_around_in_a_twisting/?utm_source=reddit-android
This is a "my backyard" repost, so who's backyard this really is.
Modified leap frog
It looks like the third rabbit is keeping watch for predators! Very cute!
This is how I play rocket league.
"this one's for LeBron!"
It’s bunnies.
This looks like a scene out of an anime. 
“You’ll never surpass me, brother.”
There’s some Watership Down shit going on there.
n41ad
Bunny kung fu!  Bunfu if you will.
They're playing chicken.
So that's how animals keep each other entertained.
Just a friendly game of leapfrog!
Bun buns!
The one sitting there motionless is BIG mood
You think what they are playing is an established game in the bunny social circles?
I see they're practicing their zoomies
When they try to demo you in rocket league
At yet again, the mean bunnies wouldn't let Rodney the Lonely Bunny join in on their bunny games.
*bunnies
Isn’t that how you beat Bowser in Mario?
They're playing bunny hop.
Practicing for cat attacks
Aww
I love watching the rabbit run around my backyard, it's so cute.
In the UK this is called tekkers
Getting some serious Super Mario 64 vibes from this lol
/r/zoomies would enjoy this.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love how they're just constantly pausing in their quest to scan for predators so that they can cutely jump at each other.
"kick his ass!" - bunny 3
Ok where's the comment telling me this is actually some not so cute mating ritual were one of them dies.
So cute but downvote your ass for lying about the origin.
Can someone link the og post so I can upvote it this is sooo cute!!
r/gifsthatendjustright
they're cute but fuck bunnies. they're destroying my back yard and garden.
[deleted]
Hello General Reposti
My sister's cat would have a field day with those. He loves rabbit brains.

Edit: I hate that he does it. Wish i could stop him but he loves murder more than anything. I sometimes hear the screams and it's terrible
Omg s’cute
Bunny version of hop scotch
When you try to demo the goalie in rocket league
This was also the same backyard of the 10 other reposters... strange?
That bunny has hops
Bunnies 🐰 - not Bunny’s !!!! 😱
Now that's a clickbait title if I've ever seen one. But...cute bunnys...
not trying to be rude but i feel like ive seen this before
[Reads the title and sees the video is :45 seconds long](https://imgur.com/a/5fCzk5X)
[deleted]
ref is a lady waiting to see which suitor prevails.  ultimate ref.
Someone's gotta look out for predators while the others play.
I thought the third was just waiting to play the winner
Is this a trailer for that new tag game movie?
Those hops were fast as lightning
*Every bunny was bun fu fighting!
[Surely not every bunny was kung fu fighting](https://res.cloudinary.com/teepublic/image/private/s--z9V43asU--/t_Resized%20Artwork/c_crop,x_10,y_10/c_fit,w_470/c_crop,g_north_west,h_626,w_470,x_0,y_0/g_north_west,u_upload:v1462829018:production:blanks:ekerz3afkzxin2pgqj8h,x_-395,y_-325/b_rgb:eeeeee/c_limit,f_jpg,h_630,q_90,w_630/v1474649586/production/designs/697065_1.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/C2yfwcz.jpg
Confirmed, [not actually a repost.](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8pbepc/bunnies_playing_in_the_early_morning_outside_of/)  Apparently, this is just a thing bunnies do.
I saw that OC tag and was like, "Oh, really?" and then I saw this post and now I'm just blown away that this is a thing bunnies do. Thanks for posting! So cool.
Definitely seen something similar to this before. Nice oc
Wait, bunnies do this often?? This is amazing news, you’ve made my day.
[OP got em.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Frqr70R-uM)
That's a knife? I thought it was an assault rifle.
And the 3rd bunny he's looking into off into the distance "Hazel, look... the field... it's covered with blood!" and they all run off.
Call us the pecan sandies, so the parents will let their kids bop with us.
*Let me see what you have*

*-a knife*

*NOOO!*
just practicing for when the dog gets home
Who's the bunny watching them then? Waiting for his turn?
Bunnyhoppin. I wasn't able to get so much air that a friend could ride under me but I got over the curb
Actually this looks far like they are fighting/ mating.  Bunnies are super territorial and some demand more personal space than others. 

Binkying is a bit more twisty, and they do it for themselves, not because another bun is charging them.
This is definitely fighting.  Binkying usually involves zoomies and kicking their heels.  This is straight up adorable attempted murder.
The binky isn't done in response to the action of another bunny.
I thought they did this when they are about to mate?
Definitely not binkying, looks much more like sparing over a mate.
That would come to an end the moment my dog spots them, but they will outrun her every time. I think they do it on purpose just to tease her now
That makes me binky
I would feel happy and safe there. That looks like a wonderful happy back yard.
We're so used to learning harsh truths behind animal videos that it's so refreshing to hear 'this means hapi buni'.
Happy and safe. [Explains why I've never seen them do that.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Greyhounds/comments/7c547z/wrong_side_of_the_fence/)
Now I like it even more
A cute name for an even cuter behaviour :) How come everything about bunnies is so CUTE!?
No, it's fighting. Binkying looks totally different.
meta
damnit, jumped a little bit too early
I was kinda expecting the one jumping to go up and not come down.
I think that’s what the 3rd bunny was watching out for. Once he runs away the others stop and get outta there too!
You know the funny story with that is I left my neighborhood about a week ago and saw two Hawks swooping one after another. I hope the bunnies stay ok
Hawks don't go after the big ones. Just the babies.
M...M...MASAKA
Ok.
Boy ovaries
Exactly what I said.  Those bunnies are about to smash.
Yes, this exactly.
Me goaltending with a habitual demo player on the enemy team lol.
Thanks for the edit. I felt like I saw this too. Also good for people caring about OC 

>https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ
It was bugging the shit out of me too because I thought it was a lazy karma whore repost, but digging I found this: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8g4tsf/caught_these_guys_playin_a_game_of_funny_bunny/

OP might for once *not* be a reposter
Also the plural of "bunny" is "bunnies".

Get the pitchforks, everyone!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLs9ozsGFi0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLs9ozsGFi0)
I thought for sure it was a cheap karma whore as well, but I found the video I think we're all thinking this is a repost of and they are VERY similar: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8g4tsf/caught_these_guys_playin_a_game_of_funny_bunny/
Yeah! Karma whore! [Stop taking video of your actual back yard!](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8stimu/cute_bunnys_playing_in_my_backyard/e12mvbl/)
I don’t mind, I’ve never seen this video before.
Before accusing someone of Karma whoring maybe check your facts. Jerk.
This changes the gif for me entirely and I can no longer like it. /s
[HMMMMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Karma is worthless.
OP posted proof you scrub. 

Third most updooted comment.
[HMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Hop hop, hop!
[HMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Yeah if he just posted cute bunnies playing in a backyard it would have been alright?
[HMMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Your backyard belongs to those bunnies, that’s their habitat
why would you  need that
> https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8g4tsf/caught_these_guys_playin_a_game_of_funny_bunny/

Nope.jpg
Not this time around general wrong.
[HMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
I wouldn't call it a field.  It's more of a standard suburban back yard
[HMMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Who cares? I had not seen it yet and now I have, so go away.
It's literally what's in the gif.
You have
[HMMMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
Well then. I gotta time my jumps right
Amazing!!   It’s bunny sex.
In fact it was quite enlivening
But it was just cute not frightening
Right? I’ve never seen bunnies do this before lol
Yes! Can confirm, I used to have a bunny named Boba Fett. It’s a random burst of energy and excitement. Kind of like when dogs get ‘zoomies’ and run circles across all of the furniture and house.
He had to do it to em
There's a shank for every occasion! Pocket shanks, cake shanks, butter shanks, cheese shanks. Even bread shanks!
Assault rifle with a bayonet attachment. This bunny is leveled up
No, we're Chemical Toilet
Lol bunnies look cute even while they’re fighting
Can't help but feel this is the right answer. I own several rabbits and if you're doing something they don't like, they'll charge you. Often times headbutting or scratching you with their front paws.
I would say mating. I'm a groundskeeper for a courthouse and I see this every summer...shortly followed by a hole in the vicinity where they do this that I have to remember is there so I don't now over it.
We have two males. If we mess up and forget a door and they somehow end up in the same room it gets ugly pretty quick. They are surprisingly violent for being so cute and otherwise kind of passive and cuddly.

This video is definitely not that kind of fighting at least.
Binkying can be either happy or angry/scared behavior. Think of it like two dogs fighting- it can either be playful fighting or real fighting. With bunnies, binkying is a strategy for evading a predator's grasp. In both cases, animal play mimics animal survival behavior precisely because it's advantageous to practice fighting/fleeing in a safe setting.

That's my theory anyway, as someone who has owned both dogs and bunnies.
[They about to facefuck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLs9ozsGFi0)

(the link isn't gratuitous, it's sfw and playful)
Over the past few years, we've gotten more & more bunnies in our neighborhood, and up until last summer, we'd all laugh and laugh at the dumb dog for thinking it could ever actually catch one, until she did, and my sister found her holding the corpse down with her paws and ripping the skin off it to eat it.  That was also when i found out that the noise dog toys make is a perfect match for the death shrieks of a terrified bunny being eaten.
“All the world will be your enemy, Prince with a Thousand Enemies, and whenever they catch you, they will kill you. But first they must catch you, digger, listener, runner, prince with the swift warning. Be cunning and full of tricks and your people shall never be destroyed.”
Well...
They’re always around.
I’ve seen hawks go after full sized ducks. They can take down a rabbit fine.
Not sure about that, I feel like a bigger hawk would definitely try.
... What do I do now?
Boyvaries, if you will
Well played :-D

AND thanks for the OC, we need more people like you
Holy shit, you may be right.  The bunny who was jumping into the air turning around each time before the other one would charge it was what stuck in my mind and made me feel like I had seen it before.  I didn't know this was a common phenomenon...  

Changing that downvote to an upvote, thank you for clearing that up!
I could be wrong but this could be /r/TwoRedditorsOneCup
See my post for proof its mine. Also yes whoops spelled that wrong
Yeah, that bugged me a little, but I have far more patience for spelling and grammatical errors than I do people re-posting and trying to pretend it's original.  Re-post if you want, but don't claim you took the video if you didn't.
It's the same video, just rotated to a different angle.  

-Ken M
I'm literally offended.
I mean there are no issues with reposts, but don't claim it's your content. It's all any of us can ask for.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh shit I thought it was cuz when I saw the post people were saying it was a repost my bad
To see the baby rabbits, of course 🐇😍

I was obviously joking, I don't want their address!
No u
[HMMMMMMMMMMMM](https://imgur.com/RQbksgQ)
But they burrowed with expert timing
And a lil bit frightening
⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣦⣤⣀

⠀⠀⠀⠀⢡⣤⣿⣿

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⠜⢾⡟

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⠿⠃⠄

⠀⠀⠈⠀⠉⠉⠑⠀⠀⠠⢈⣆

⠀⠀⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢶⣷⠃⢵

⠐⠰⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢟⣽⣆⠀⢃

⠰⣾⣶⣤⡼⢳⣦⣤⣴⣾⣿⣿⠞

⠀⠈⠉⠉⠛⠛⠉⠉⠉⠙⠁

⠀⠀⡐⠘⣿⣿⣯⠿⠛⣿⡄

⠀⠀⠁⢀⣄⣄⣠⡥⠔⣻⡇

⠀⠀⠀⠘⣛⣿⣟⣖⢭⣿⡇

⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣿⣽⡇

⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⡇⣿⣿⣿⣇

⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⡀⠸⣿⣿⡏

⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠇⠀⣿⣿⣿

⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⠀⠀⢸⣿⡿

⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠀⠀⢀⣿⡇

⠀⣠⣴⣿⡿⠟⠀⠀⢸⣿⣷

⠀⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠁

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈
Be careful - only holy hand grenades can stop them once they get a taste of human blood.
I have 2 girls myself :) the little one grunts lol.
My girlfriends rabbit charges you if you stop her from chewing on something she's not supposed to chew on. The other one runs away and thumps at you.
We took care of a wild rabbit litter when we accidentally disturbed the nest while gardening. They were adorable little nugs for a few weeks, but once their eyes were open and they could do more than just crawl around and sleep, they started realizing that there were humans trying to hold them.

Anyone but my mother (they sort of imprinted on her since she was the one who mainly fed them) would get boxed at if we tried to pick them up. It didn't really hurt or anything, in fact is was quite cute, but you could tell they hated being held. Sooner or later my mom couldn't even hold them.

Sort of unrelated, we had put them in an open 4.5ft tall box once. They could *almost* hop out of there. It was impressive considering their size. Just, the *noise* of the thump when they jumped was so friggin loud.
It is, the one just has enough sense to jump out of the way lol. I’d assume it’s a survival thing for wild bunnies. They have different rules than domestic buns.
My girls fought until I spayed and bonded them. Rotten little things.
r/nightmarefuel
oh...
you okay friend?
:,(
Please tell me there's a book about a rabbit knight.
Do it.
Brovaries
Oh I don't care if it's a repost or original! I was just being nit picky about spelling haha! The video is adorable :D
Will: You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sitting there and uh...the captain gets on, he does his whole, you know, we'll be cruisin' at 35,000 feet. But then he puts the mic down n forgets to turn it off.

Sean: Mmm-hmm.

Will: And so he turns to the co-pilot 'n' he's like, "You know, all I could use right now is a fuckin' blow job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess fuckin' goes bombin' up from the back of the plane to tell him that the microphone's still on. And this guy in the back of the plane is like, "Hey, hon, don't forget the coffee!"

Sean: [laughs] You ever been on a plane?

Will: No, but it's a fuckin' joke. It works better if I tell it in the first person.

Sean: Yeah, it does.
No u
You guys are pretty good at rhyming
But they hopped with expert timing
Five is right out.
I heard they didn't ask the owner of the bunny if they could cover it in red paint and the owner was upset. I thought that was funny. Could be fake news tho.
Lookat the teeth!...
Bunny thumps are funny
Yeah, not saying it's not a mating/fighting thing, just that it is a far less violent display than what our two guys show. We hoped they would stop when we took their balls away, but nope, still super aggressive towards each other.

I would guess if this was a fight do the death, one of them would run away. If they both want to hump the third one, then I guess that's not an option.
meh, to me it's just the dog doing what it's born to do. There's no shortage of bunnies.
That quote is from Watership Down, an excellent read.  Though they aren't knights, they are loyal and honorable bunnies.
The imagining part?
Thank you!
HUAH!
Then lobbest thou the Holy Hand Grenade in the direction of thine foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.
I have to give my bun injections and she KNOWS the days it’s coming and also the sound of the medical bag with the syringes. She runs and thumps and tries to hide. Quite sad really but she needs the meds so she has to just put up with it.
Mine thumped at me the other day because I gave her a new type of treat, how dare I 😂
It’s interesting to see, nonetheless. 
You should fix your boys! I read fixed boys are much easier to bond than girls.
... no
until a mower came riding
I've soiled me armor!
One, Two, FIVE!
You VILLAIN.
And there was no place for hiding!
Three.
cuz blood and guts were flying
Three bunnies I was spying
now theres just a mommy bunny crying
But now the neighbors kidsr crying!
In the midst of dying.
Till the day I was dying
This escalated quickly 😲
The police came to investigate, but I was lying
calm down everyone's lieing, them bunny's are fucking thriveinggg
now i have to dig 3 little graves crying
And everything's dying
He looks so proud of his junior partner.
This is sweet.
That officer is on that synthol + cell tech lol
Stikk tung out like dis smol boi. Yisss! U R dooin it!
Man in uniform + dog = ultimate reddit material.

Twitter source: @UTPolice

Today, Athena decided to bring her dog to work.

Athena is a 2yr old Belgium Malinios. Athena is a NAPWDA certified Explosive Ordnance Detection dog.
Black collar workers.
/r/absoluteunit
r/dogswithjobs
The junior partner is proud of her canine^2 pal.
If you love long doggo tongues, check our r/TongueOutHounds!
"Sorry, no time for bath, busy being dead"
I used to have a pug who would get in her crate and feign deep sleep when she saw the nail clippers come out.  Thanks for the reminder.
Maybe the pups lazy and wants to be bathe like a king
I do this All the time but the pup mKes it look a lot cuter.
Me, on bath day...
Passive resistance
"Nope, I has died! The bathings killed me. Only the healing power of the park will bring me back. And treats. Loads of treats."
That’s so funny
Sounds pretty convenient. My dog thrashes around violently and makes it virtually impossible to clip his nails.
That perfect camouflage...
Imma rotate my phone and downvote this post
My upvote is NOT for the dog. It’s for you and your parents for acknowledging your illness and working towards better mental health!
He's a good boy and I hope you're having a good day. :)
Not upvoting. Petting my phone.  Good doggo.
 P L E A S E D O N O T U P V O T E T H I S P O S T
Pretty dog
HA! Upvoted. Don’t tell me what to do.
When I told my dad about my depression and explained that everything was pointless and I was overwhelmingly lonely and sad all the time he just dismissed it the next day as "Bridget's mental breakdown" as if it was something normal that everyone did once and then got over and as if I wasn't still feeling the exact same way but back to hiding it out of embarrassment. I wish I got a dog. Or parents who loved me enough to try to help my depression, but if that was the case maybe I wouldn't have gotten depressed in the first place, who knows
You feeling down often?
Naaaaw <3
Asking people not to upvote... might not work out so well for you
What can I say? I'm a simple man. I see dog, I upvote.
Thank you for sharing, OP!
Glad you have each other. Updoot for doggo. He deserves the karma
Dogs are the best antidepressants

Your post was so good I pressed the upvote button thrice!!
❤️❤️❤️ doggo
A dog’s love is the ultimate unconditional love. Hope you are doing well, and tell your boyo he is a very good boy♥️
Must upvote for doggo!
Well I just realized my phone rotates 180°.

Thank you Mr. [SaiKid] (https://reddit.com/u/SaiKid)
Thank you, you too.
Thanks
Probably because you have a mouse.
when you gamed for 3 days straight
Looks like a professional gamer...
What an asshole.
Nice keyboard OP

Not just saying that because I have the same one or nothing
Wow time?
the cat ate too many
It appears to be FFXIV
Oh honey. He's playing the long game.
Yeah really sure it's not a hummingbird.  We have a few that come to our house and the adults are smaller than that. And that cat is just waiting to either eat it or play with it until it's dead. Either way letting it sit there is probably not the best idea if you want the bird to live.
This is not ‘in awe’. A cat is a tiny tiger that lives in your house. It is a hunter and is just waiting to eat that bird for something to do.
Well, get him away so mom can come down and feed the baby.  

Edit:  I think that's a killdeer, not a hummingbird.
That is way too big to be a hummingbird. Is there a nest above it?
Pretty sure that is not a hummingbird.  The bill is too broad , the markings are wrong, and it’s too big. I think.
It's not in awe at all. It's in wait for that movement it needs to know that the bird should be dead. Then it will be dead
That's not grass and that's not awe.
To eat or not to eat
Hmm... fooood
Aww.., cutei I got a box and going to her now. Hopefully she’s still there. Bought some gloves and small blanket to wrap my arm as well. And I have milk too...,
Your cat looks incredibly soft.
Cats like to play with their prey, just saying :D
Cat’s asleep by now
Soon....
He’s just thinking of recipes for dinner!!
*in the clover
Fast food.
I love that he has his paw over his heart, how precious!
That’s some cool looking grass, what is it?
I’m not hungry at the moment so I’ll wait a while...
He’s just waiting for the opportune moment
Upvote for clover lawn :D
That's an adorable photo.
This is a nice snack, but if I wait it out a few weeks and nurture it, I'll have a meal.
> killdeer 

Correct.
There’s no way that little thing could kill a deer. It must be something else.
It’s a hummingbird...we saw the mom feeding and hovering around a few hours later
WTF
that's Creeping Charlie, not clover.
Mostly clover lol. Barely any actual grass
More like, "If I wait, this one will bright the _bigger one_, and I'll have lunch and dessert."
No shit?  I wasn't entirely sure.
Is "Biscuits" the name of the cat?
Looks like you’ve got a very *kneady* cat there...
Clearly this cat is kneading the dough for the morning biscuits
Yea, she was like that for a solid ten minutes before I thought of recording her
Which one?!

Edit: I looked at both just to be safe.
...my cat is amazing!
Cat.
But, in all actuality, this isn’t just a mere cat
Give it a lick!
Cat.
Cat.
Cat.
Cat.
Cat.
Yup, trash pandas. It’s an endearing term meant in the sweetest way possible. No harm meant. And I think trash panda is a very cute thing to call them.
STOP! *Rabies Time!*
Oh-oh oh ohohhh oh ohohhh
They're so cute as adults too 🤗
I must have one.
Awesome!
If you raise a racoon from infancy is it possible to tame them or do they always grow up wild?
Please dont call them trash pandas. We dont deserve to abuse any animal in any manner. Look what we did to our earth. We made it worse and we are attempting colonising Mars in order to save human race not OTHER LIVING FORMS OF LIFE.  We ,humans,are just "MINDFUCKED GREEDY ANIMALS". Dont you ever fucking call them trash pandas.
Urgh. With Raccoons, that’s the least of your worries
They get aggressive as they grow up though. Still cute lol
Someone’s fun at parties ~
But these trash pandas are so cuuuuute
Trash panda
no, no it's not. rabies is a pretty damn big worry with raccoons. like, agreed there is other stuff to worry about, and lots of it. but rabies is definitely not on the lower end of the list.
this is so cute but i keep getting worried lil giraffe is gonna break his lil stick legs b/c he's slippin n slidin about
I never knew I needed this until now
"I AM A TALL ASS HORSE"

~giraffe, probably
Uh I didn’t trip I was sliding, totally cool move.
My knees hurt just watching that sudden stop.
r/zoomies
The hell do those things stay upright?
Looks just like my dumbass dog.
YES!
I read it wrong, "Baby giraffe zombies"
As big as those things are, they can really move.
r/bigboye
Everyday i get home from work and my st bernard puppy runs at me like this... we have hard wood floors and he usually takes my legs out and smacks the door
hahahha

sooooo nice and exciting!
Where can I get more of this?
[zoom zoom](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mTDhbFRrXI0)
Nooo he’ll be fine that’s what baby giraffes do ❤️
Stupid long horses
I didn't know I needed this sub, until now.
Not one single fuck given by the cat.
This is the yin and yang of fucks given.
...I


...Just


...Want


...You


...To


...Notice


...Me


...CAT!!!
Wonder how that screen got torn...
He already broke the screen.  I assume the window is next.

Cat's like "What a dumbass"
This gif summarizes the difference between cats and dogs
Doggo just wants to be inside and get some attention and affection.
"FLUFFY! FLUFFY! HEY FLUFFY! I FOUND THIS AWESOME TURD! YOU WANNA SMELL IT?"

"Maybe if I ignore it it will go away"

"FLUFFY! I FOUND A STICK! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!"
No fucks given
Should we tell OP cat?
That cat has some chill
My girlfriend reacts the same way when she sees a cat.
**Another settlement needs our help.**
I'll mark it on your map.
This is the reason I love cats sooo much:D
Is that cat wearing mittens? Those are some big paws.
You can just imagine how he says cat cat cat cat cat
Dog!?  What dog? Gee it sure is nice inside here in this place.  Clean paws and face are awesome!
Can someone make a version with a spring sound?
The benefits of Cats vs Dogs in one gif. Dogs are more energetic and cats are more dignified.
Reminds me of boys trying to get girls attention.
This gif pretty much explains why I love animals so much.
Sums up cats and dogs pretty much.
Is it 1st floor?
Repost - but still hilarious--
Just keeping in shape for the next time...
Omg looks exactly like my pup!
Looks like someone does this a lot and has already destroyed the screen 😂😂
I feel like this GIF completely sums up dogs and cats.
Here we see the two extreme poles of the enthusiasm spectrum.
You can tell that this dog must do that a lot given how messed up the screen is lol
Cat vs dog
Some people just can't take a hint (like me)
Is he my dog's long lost cousin or something?
I love how cats either a) do not give a fuck or b) give way too much of a fuck. Never in between
Repost! Repost! Repost! Repost! Repost!
Geesh, way to NOT train your dog to be destructive.  Some people are too stupid to have pets.
"hour three... he's still jumping.  I batted a ball of yarn for 15 minutes and I'm tired.  How in the worl- oh! look at my dirty fur!!!"
A study in nonchalance.
It s just another day for him...
Legends say he's still jumping...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDXy4gcSgBE
Now I know how two of my screens got ruined one day while the dog was on the enclosed porch during my nap!
This is why we can't have nice things.
This is clearly a thing between them, that cat knows exactly what its doing
Aww window kitties!
What's that place? Thise houses are cool af
♪♫ Rock all night! Sleep all day! ♪♬
Congratulations on your new fur babies! May you have many, many years of happiness and love with a side of toe nibbles!
Near Vancouver, BC, 4 story condos &thank you! i love my view
And , also, your cats are super beautiful.

Shuts, Vancouver is expensive tho
Somewhere there is a dog brush fully clogged
>Phil 

Swift here with Flex Tape! The super strong waterproof tape that can instantly patch,bond,seal and repair!
This is not what I look like.

Source: am Phil
Phil the malamute!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH3LujwcpNc
Your writing in dog hair looks better than my handwriting
Phil looks very proud of his accomplishment.
>Phil

Kessel is a two-time Stanley Cup champion.
There’s something so satisfying about the...font?  The lettering?  Either way - it pleases me.
@lifewithmalamutes on ig
PHIL?!?!?!
PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL
Someone had their Phil today
My dog's name is Romanadvoratrelundar, but she's a husky so I should have no problem spelling that with one day's worth of fluff!
Phil is necessary with dogs by dogs..,
PHIL IS PHLUFFY
Hair again tomorrow...
You can make a Phil hair pillow.
I can't imagine how much hair must be all over your and house and car! It has to be a never ending losing battle to keep things clean.
Damn, Phil sure looks proud, like that was a bunch of his pups or something...
Phil
Phil
Given enough time, I could prolly guess this good boy's name.
Phil, you make me angry, Phil!
Hi Phil.
Phil is a most handsome boye
I dont Phil good about this
Philllll!!!
You're doing us Phils right.
P H I L
Fiber-phil?
FURminator?
Charlotte's cotton
[ceci n'est pas un chien.](https://collections.lacma.org/node/239578)
coolest dog ever
This is hysterical.
Carpet pattern great for letters!  ❤️👍🏻
Phil
Scrolling past I thought your dog had helped you bust some cocaine distributors and you were celebrating.
At least you are doing something productive with it, shut is just all over our house.
That is awesome. Immediate recognition. I love my dog.
That’s like one leg worth from of one of my huskies.
Should have named him Harry
PHIL.....   it’s right in the picture and you had to ruin it by puttin Phil
When I was a kid I used to wonder why people didn’t make blankets out of their dogs fur. . . This reminds me of that.
r/PenmanshipPorn ?
Love.  Happy dog, Phil
Omgphil
This seems like half of what I was getting out of my husky every 2 weeks.
Phil...
Husky Philosophy
Hey Phil
We had a Corgi named Phil and I could of made a rug from his undercoat
I see Phil but what's the doggo's name??
You write with hair better than Me with pen.
He's from San Francisco.
I can Phil it, coming in the hair tonight. 

Oh lord.
Phil is a happy doggo after taking his sweater off
Prince of insufficient light?  http://dilbert.com/search_results?terms=Phil+Prince+Of+Insufficient+Light
Looks like the final shot of a TV series intro
What?
Dog sniffs name, sneezes, HAIRPOCOLYPSE!
This guy writes better with dog fur than I do with a pen.
What’s the plan Phil?
As a Phil, I must say, this is the weirdest way I've ever been summoned, but possibly the most appreciated.
I approve.
Is that the dog’s name or the human’s name? I guess we’ll never know.
SURPRISE, PHIL! FOUND YA! RENT'S DUE, I'M HERE FOR MY 75 DOLLARS!
Is phil what happens to the vacuum canister when you clean the carpet?
Phil nyebthe goodest boi
What kind of dog is Phil bc I need a Phil in my life!!! 😍😍😍
Yes?
PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL PHIL
Who’s Phil?
Upper right?
Would you say it was... Philled... with fur?
Or 3
I SAWED THIS BOAT IN HALF
Phil! You've done half a job but you have a full smile!
But it is how much you shed. 

Source: Your hairline.
Are we supposed to look like that?
Phil? PHIL? Phil Connors, I thought that was you!
Me too. I'm a beagle.
"oh no he listened.... what do i do now.... they staring at me"
An absolute unit
Phil Connors, I thought that was you!
Phil dog the science......dog
And the next day...
when you get a husky, you do not battle the fur, you become one with it.
Naw, that's a toy. Likely a duck. Source: mum's doggo has one almost exactly like it.
Good eye good eye
Very creative
No way, not that many. Probably 4
That's a lotta damage!
You make me angry Phil!
Connor? CONNOR?
Yes I’m the android sent by cyberlife
Ned Ryerson?!
Yes. You cannot ever escape it. No matter how much you brush them, their fur just regenerates 2x more than before.
:D
Bing!
A little extra information for the curious bunch.

This is Marcus Berg's son and his wife posted this video on her IG.
Seems like the kid really looks up to his dad aww
MUM       my hat...  im trying to keep it together here
i love the way he keeps tucking in his lip, he’s doing a good job of keeping it together
The kid has been waiting his whole life for this.
Now THIS is what football is about.
Yellow, blue, blonde, Swedes confirmed.
Also: Argentinian fans watching yesterday's game.
Beautiful
He's already got the manly tears thing down. Nice
It’s odd though because a kid of this age has no idea exactly why he’s crying other than “that’s my dad” it’s not like a happy emotional cry due to the fact that his dad made the World Cup.

I mean sure it’s cute but it’s a kid crying bc he sees his dad...
Making children cry!
Kids can feel proud too.
And grown men when they are touched by an opposing player. A simple pat on the back brings most soccer players to their knees, waiting for stretchers while they roll around with a grimace
What a well-groomed dog!
How can you get any work done with such good boy around?!
That dog is too cute! Where'd you get it? I'd love to get one for my pupper.
Cutest co-worker ever!
He is going to need to see your TPS reports, don't forget the cover sheet.
Gesundheit! lol
"aaahhHHHBLRBEBRLR"
Is that a Samoyed Chihuahua puppy?
That’s an extremely Dad Dad. Possibly the Daddest of Dads.
Your dad is a cop isn't he?
Your dad looks very tough and like he wouldn’t make many dad jokes but maybe with his cat Hairy, he’ll get there one day and tell some dad jokes.
Looks to be a
Sergeant of some sort?
Upvote for sweet mustache
Bruce WilliDad.
Hairy huh? Wonder if he's compensating for something?
A boss dad can never be a boss dad without his boss cat.
I want his name to be Watson or Wilson or something. Idk. He is the epitome of dadness
Ooooh, he's so cute.  And the cat is cute, too.
Your dad looks like a total badass tough guy! Just kicking it with Hairy.
Thats a great name for a moustache, but what's the cat's name?
Attractive Dad.
Major Dad?
I really want this to be posted by the cat.
Strong tache game!
Your dad is a cat?
"Attention!!!!"
Hairy has got a killer 'stache.
You're dad looks like an old man John Cena.
Too fucking cool to smile
OP is a cat and the human’s name is “Hairy” because his parents wanted his name to be “Harry but something more unique.” 

Prove me wrong.
Your Dad is extremely legit.
Wait which one is your dad?
Hairy and hairless!
Your dad looks like the leader of the world dad council
Your dad is / used to be a police officer? :D
Detective
VEGETA WHAT'S HIS dad LEVEL?

IT'S OVER 9000!!
Breaking dad!
Is his name Baldy?
Hairy.. is it why it's... oh wait.



(But honestly - fucking cool name!)
His Dadness shames my Dadness.
He took his glasses off for the picture even!
Haha, did ctrl+f "cop" because I immediately got a cop vibe.
Ha... Came to say this
I was thinking the same thing! Total cop persona!
His Dadness shames everyone’s Dadness. Plus the fact that none of the other Dads have a tough looking cat like Hairy! Hairy looks like he will mess you up if you’re not nice to his dad.
Wow — it’s hard to fathom that he could be even more Dadier.
Dang! Cats with glasses are cute!
I second this
his dadness shames my dadness.....and im not even a guy.
this makes my heart warm in happiness
I remember when it happened, media here in Italy talked about it quite a lot. A tragic day indeed
The team is Rome, for those wondering.
This made my day!
This fits more in /r/UpliftingNews, it's not really a meme.
It's a nice gesture but I can't get over the whole losing you family part :(
Hello! What a nice comic! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/WholesomeComics also! We'd love to see you there.

[Thanks! I appreciate you all.](http://i.imgur.com/hbgtV4y.gifv) 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This dude looks really happy. Enjoy your tablet/computer!
It's really cute!
You did really good, man. Enjoy the hell out of it and hope to see that signature in more comics in the future.
This has given me a big goofy grin. Thank you.
It was right to post it here :)
I definitely needed this little dose of cute today
Ayy, you did post it on here
The middle is so adorable!
Very cute! Good on you for making purchases that make you this happy :) I hope you’ll post future projects
Haha I love the stance in the second panel, like breathing in about to say something important.... but just happy XD
My favorite panel is the middle and I don’t know why. It’s the perfect beat.
Very nice comic. Have fun with that graphics tablet.
So are you the guy who posted this on twitter?
You did a great job, can't wait for more!
Awwwww congrats! Hope you're enjoying your tablet.
I love this so much 💕
Your title makes it seem like an app was used to create this. Is that true? 

(I’m curious in the app if so! I’d like to try it out.)

Cute comic!
I hav a surface book and always wanted to make a comic, but never have. How'd you do it?
I love this
I'm happy you're happy!
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)

>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.

We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!

^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.
Neat!
Ridiculous, in the best way.
congrats! I'm happy you're happy! I was just wondering, /u/NonRock, what tablet did you spring for? I'm in the market for one myself
Congratulations 🎉🎊🎈🍾
This is amusing and I'm looking forward to more!
I really like the colors. What tablet did you get? I have a crappy android tablet, can I draw comics on it?
I need some daily wholesome in my life
I know the feeling! Enjoy your new tablet ♥
the one in the middle is the cutest
So wholesome. How cute.
Congratulations!! I still remember how hyped I was when I first got my drawing tablet too. Love the bright colours, the little dude’s so stinking cute with how happy he looks, and cheers to making more art in the future! :•D
I really like the second panel, it is amazing how much emotion you got out of that outline.
Love it :D
this didnt make me laugh, just made me happy, enjoy ur new tablet mate :D
What did you use to make this?
I see a bright future for you lad!
Subscribed you fellow redditor :}
Well done! I love when the smallest of things make me smile.
Be happy !
Yay!! This made me happy
That's a special kind of happiness when you finally get something that you have been waiting for a long period of time. Enjoy your tablet, friend!
This makes me smile. Thanks for sharing.
i'm saving this post forever because the centre panel makes me happy
This almost made me cry it was so cute
Just saved this post. Totally my humor. Thanks
For some reason this is really cute? It's really cute. It makes me happy.
It looks like he's rocking back and forth on his feet, so cute :)
Cute, simple and wholesome! 
Enjoy that tablet!
That second panel is just beautiful
Awwww thia is cute! Enjoy!
Wholesome af
I like your art style!
Simplistic yet beautiful
Awesome work! I don’t usually read comics but this one caught my eye because of the colors. 10/10.
Better than Garfield.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
I love your cute lil art style!! Congrats on getting a tablet, I'm sure you'll make some more amazing things with it!
Ignore this I'm just checking to see if that little cake shows up next to my name
Doesn't need to be a joke to be good! I like that you are happy.

The feeling of happiness you get from someone else's good fortune is called Mudita, and thank you for providing me with this!
That center frame did it for me.
What tablet did you get man? Nice comic btw, I laughed sincerely and smiled which is more than I get from "regular" comics
    oh no
The middle frame makes me laugh, so good job
That's better than anything I'll ever make
please continue drawing. :)
Is this loss?
I was hoping this would end up here!
Idk why but that second panel says more to me then the other ones with words.
Is this loss?
http://brawlinthefamily.keenspot.com/images/W001.jpg
Quick advice: Enjoy each one you make like this one. Don't try to simulate or emulate others, only thing interesting is unique perspective on things. But never stop to learn. Everything you learn might not be useful but then still you'll learn what to avoid. Be sincere - that always shows, do what you like and get better at it. Don't try to do stuff that public might enjoy, we might but you'll run out of power to please public. Most of all - if you like it, dont stop. Even if you get like 5 min a day to sketch. Do it
Very very cute. I kinda wanna hug this guy.
This is adorable!!
More please 😋
I miss the days when a tablet was a tablet and a "tablet" was some weird phone computer hybrid that was trying to steal tablets name and was obviously never going to catch on. Enjoy it!
Awww that smile in the center panel!
That middle panel xD
Martin_Rosner! Love your insta page
You just inspired me, OP. 

Thank you. Good luck with your comics.
Make a meme with it!
That little lean back and smile is absolutely precious!
Haha i can imagine the feeling! I'm currently saving for mine with commission money
this is me if I get basicly anything
The second panel is my new phone background. I like the style a lot. Keep it up!
I really love your art style. It gives me inspiration to start drawing.
Love it!
The second panel is adorable. ☺️ Have fun with your new tablet, friend!
So cute and funny yet so simple 😂😁
20,000 upvotes? Uh. What am I missing here?
You bought a tablet without knowing how to draw?
This put the biggest smile on my face. Love it!! Congratulations :)
"I can't think of anything clever to contribute so I'm just going to pander to a subreddit where people will give me free karma for saying that I am happy"

Haha, that's a very clever marketing strategy to get your name out there friend! :D
I hope you bring joy to everyone with your future creations, glad you got a new toy :)
I LOVE YOUR ART STYLE
Reminds me of myself :)
MAKE MORE. OR ELSE.
r/antijokes
Wot program?
What kind of tablet did you get? I'm in the market for one myself
Are you gonna share more? I love it!!
I love this comic! Hope to see more!
Good for you, well done!
Soooo... I love this already where can I stay updated on your stuff?
What kind of tablet? Just curious
That second panel is me after I get to pet a stranger’s dog
Speaking of which, anyone know of a good, cheap laptop or tablet for a student?  My laptop isn't great for a class since the keyboard is damaged from an event I volunteered at years ago, so I always have to use and external keyboard (not good on a small desk).  That and it's very slow and it's a Lenovo from around when they got caught pre-installing malware the first time.

I'm just looking for something cheap and simple so I can use it for my EMT classes starting next month and am looking for recommendations.
What kind of drawing tablet do you use
I already need more of this.
How do you make these?
I like this, 20/10
The template of this has some potential :D nice comic!
Hey aren't you the guy who made those super cute comics on r/DotA2? You rock dude.
i like your style, hope we'll see more from you.
The middle one is me
I love it. It's so sweet and it made me smile :)
This is the best and most adorable thing I’ve ever seen
❤️ thanks for sharing. This made my morning
Something this simple made me smile.

I'm really happy that you're really happy
r/mademesmile
Aww what program did you use to make  your first?
Is there a consensus best app for digital drawing on tablets?
There is no joke, and there doesn't need to be. This comic is hillarious.
👍
That's so cool! I've had a tablet for a while and had no idea you could do that kind of stuff. Thanks for sharing!
To the front page with you
/r/mademesmile
What kindof tablet did you get? Im asking since I am an illustrator and I’m considering it
Looks like it was drawn with a mouse.
Please make comica with tbis character
I like how you draw!
I’m happy too now :) *coincidence*?
Click   the   circles

to the beat
I like it. Looking forward to more.
The joke is ever being happy.
I always love how clean the coloring is on digital comics.

Really hope you enjoy it!
I don't think that things supposed to be a ghost, but if you don't make a ghost comic with this guy as the main character, I'll be very disappointed :J
I love that when I opened /all on reddit this post was at the very top.
Just enjoy Netflix :)
Adorable!
Love it!
This is so cute made me happy 😊
Lol everyone's been going about trying to get top post on reddit all wrong it seems.
I was this happy too when I got my first tablet. It’s nice to feel like a little kid on Christmas at age 29 :)
Oh
My heart has become so full
I didn't see anybody else ask this, or a reply, but just curious what tablet did you get?

Love the comic and art style. Made me smile.
That middle panel alone just gave me a big goofy grin. Very cute and wholesome comic. Hope you enjoy your tablet! I know they can occasionally be a pain, but it's so rewarding finding little customizations and techniques to use.
That second panel is so fantastic. You made me smile!
I appreciate the honesty of this comic :)
i really like how happy the second panel is. it’s perfect
this is so good
Best comic I read for a while!
For just being an outline, there's a whole lot of body language being displayed by this lil guy. Great job!
[Here](https://imgur.com/imCgtOE) is a/some blank/s I made

&nbsp;

If you  found this useful consider checking out the my sub /r/emptyComics  and post what you made bellow


If you want a comic or other meme emptied just use my summoning spell me (my spell is /u/live4lifelegit ). It helps me focus and it is great to help others. 

&nbsp;
[removed]
Repost Alert
I like this bot! I don’t think I’ve ever seen you on a post before
Will do kind stranger!
What’s a computer?
I like the way he leans back in the second panel. 😊
like you
My mom was really cute last night. Rekt!
Oh I've been at it for a year, this is the first one I got to make using my PC so that's why I'm proud. I bought the tablet using the profits I made from my comics
don't mention it, you're welcome
happy to provide <3
Maybe next time just look in the closest mirror. It's quite a bit more than a little dose but I'm sure it will do the trick. ;D
I'm scared that it turns out like I'm milking it since it's doing so well on the other sub
depends, if the user is Martin Rosner then yes
it's great so far
Meant a drawing tablet, Intuos Pro 2017 model and the program was Clip Studio Pro :D
...

Your username. 

Edit: *it made me smile*
I'm happy for you too! Enjoy!
Intuos Pro 2017 model medium size, seemed like the perfect fit. Was aiming for something of higher quality
Yes you can, there's tons of sketch pad apps, a lot for free, but Adobe Photoshop Sketch is worth paying for.
Update: yes it's there
it got removed :(
thanks! <3 

Glad ya smiled
that's very kind of you
thanks mr nice stranger
I WILL THANKS
Clip Studio Paint
Intuos Pro 2017 edition, seemed like the best fit
Don't have any more digital ones but I have plenty in my post history
thanks stranger mcnice
Wacom Intuos Pro 2017 medium sized
that's why I walk by the dog park on my way to town
There are some very cheap options online but my suggestion is to get a part-time job if that's at all possible to earn enough for a better laptop. Buying them used will be even cheaper
Wacom Intuos Pro 2017 edition
I'll make em at a certain point in time
In Clip Studio Paint :D
that's too much pressure for me to handle
you're nice
That's me! Thanks man, you rock too
thanks mister, you will
no u
:D
Not only does he look really happy and people (myself included) loving your digital comic but this would make for a great T-shirt as well, only that it'd say "my first T-shirt comic" instead.
Which tablet?
What tablet and programme do you use?
Question: how do you make comics in a tablet?  Like what app is it?
I hope your enthusiasm gives you the energy to make lots more awesome art! And if not, enjoy anyway!
I might get a stylus for my tablet, just because you did this makes me want to make comics despite being a bad artist.
What is internet?
What’s a potato?
HEY.  KID.  *I'm* a computer.  STOP ALL THE DOWNLOAD'N!
r/Ooer
oof
What's a potato?
Nah nah, like you!
Well aren't you a smooth lil bugger
Shoot your shot
That's awesome! I'm happy to hear you are treating yourself using the outcome of doing something you enjoy. It's rare to find these days and you're doing a great job at it.      
       
Enjoy your new purchase! :)
How do you actually make money from web comics? I've never thought of it!
We have wild sketch and watercolor around, maybe we could get a wild comic ;)
I thought I recognized your magical poses.
How have you made money from them? Been a follower on Reddit the past ~12 months.
What kind of a tablet is it?  Like on of the iPad looking things, or a graphics tablet?
I love this.
So it's a digital tablet like the one used as accessory for drawing. Or something like a Surface Tablet. 


M sorry for being dumb.
❤️❤️❤️
I don't think people will mind too much
This is /r/wholesomememes we are as positive and welcoming group! :D
"the other sub"

Damn, you really are wholesome!
Jesus I just spent a long time in your post history. I'm a huge fan now.
What could be a problem? I’d much rather see it than miss it. Well done! Keep going?
That is is, good work man!
Gotcha! Thanks!
Thank you! You're the first person to comment on it. Pancakes are great and I wish I had a creative name like yours.
I'll look at that one thanks.
Happy cake day my friend :D
Thanks
That's the kind I use at work! I'll probably end up buying one for myself at home
I meant like on your own site or Instagram or something but I followed ya!
I'm already working full time to pay for school and other bills.
Thanks dude, I’m looking forward to your work. Already looks great.
Two questions: 

1. Are you a pilot? 
2. Are you in pajamas?
😁♥️
you'd think people would want this little guy?
Intuos Pro 2017 model
Clip Studio Pro on an Intuos Pro 2017 model
meant one for drawing :)
trust me, I got many more comics to draw
the trick is to make finished stuff, not perfect. That's how I got my comics started.
What is love?
Oman i am not good with computer
Blink <3
no u
r/wholesomereddit
prints, commissions, Patreon and merch :)
The only way I could think of is having a website that hosts ads. Possibly selling prints of your work.
Mix of sources: Patreon, commissions, prints and merch ☺
graphic one, Intuos Pro 2017
you're not dumb, you're just asking for clarification/more detail :D
Dumb people don't ask that kinda question, tbh.
wh...what sub?
thanks my dude!
Your name is super creative! Don’t put yourself down.
Aaah I see. Then buying used might be your second best option. If you just need it for note-taking then you can get really cheap ones.
Wow, those deep learning algorithms are coming so far
1. Yes, I am a pilot, but not commercially, light aircraft only
2. I'm actually a dentist, and when I go to work I wear mismatching, brightly coloured scrubs which look like pyjamas.
3. Have a nice day!
Yes
Yes. It's quite disturbing to shoot another person down who is wearing pijamas...
Yes !
You put that on a 3-4x shirt or hoodie and I will buy it
I would totally wear a hat with him on it.
Baby don’t hurt me.
no u²
So much love is being showered here !
Username checks out
Oh, thanks
Very nice.  I have an Intuos 4 from way back, you only need to buy one every six or so years.  These things are built like tanks!

Have fun with it!
I'd assume /r/WholesomeComics
What do we want?  

*NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING!*  

When do we want it?  

*When do we want what?*
FELLOW HUMAN!!
The dentist we need, but not the dentist we deserve :) I bet you brighten up a lot of patients' days!
Two questions:

What are you addicted to?

Do you still not have a pen?
Two questions

1. Have you been traveling in the desert of your mind?
2. Have you found any drops of life, you, and/or water?
just the middle panel or all of it?
 Don't hurt me
Own you are both too precious
\* (no u)^2
Heh, my favourite Machine Learning meme
{INITIATE GREETING SEQUENCE} HELLO.EXE, THEY GROW UP SO FAST DONT THEY?
One question:

Do you candle?
My lawyer advises me not to answer that question at this time I mean meth too thanks
1. Is it midnight where you live?

2. Are you a wolf?
I figured it was only a matter of time before somebody caught on - proud subscriber of r/twentyonepilots
No more
No more
No more
no u
If you kids don't stop liking each other so help me God I'm turning the car around
No... 

##you
I always enjoy the time travel version - “when do we want it?” “Doesn’t matter!”
Sometimes
should we sent you a pen? would that make you feel better?
WATER
SOMEBODY
All y'all are wonderful, and I hope you friends realize that
Yes.. me.
Hey r/SixQuidSquid, what do you think of the time travel variation- “when do we want it?” “Doesn’t matter!”
ONCE
Please keep it down. This is a public forum.
No.
Yes thats correct! I don’t understand the downvotes though
I’ve always enjoyed that too


^^^^my ^^^^attempt ^^^^at ^^^^a ^^^^time ^^^^travel ^^^^joke
TOLD
^^^^sorry
You're still hearing the song inside of your head. That's good enough for me.
Thanks..
You mentioned the word 'joke'. Chuck Norris doesn't joke. 
Here is a fact about Chuck Norris: 

 >When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever.
Meooow
Pretty sure that little guy would love to sleep anywhere!
Is that four little white paws I see!!  Adorable
Why do you have the hands of a small child?
Dawwwwwww ❤️
She might not be able to have her own but she can experience it through your belly and probably will help watch the baby when it comes she is a  mothering dog who would probably be a excellent babysitter for kittens and puppies
Such a sweet adorable pup
The goodest girl ♥
Boop.
Adorable lil puppers
Interesting title
Purrito
I relate to this title so much
That darned cat!
Beat me to it. Take my upvote!
This looks exactly like Trace Cyrus
“It’s not a phase mom, take me to hot topic”
Poor horse, such a long face...
Looks like Tobey McGuire in Spider-Man 3
Are these the horses that run differently?
Horse model
He's emo because Iceland just lost.
"It's gonna be okay...I got you."
Good boye with an even gooder name!!!
Hello Finn!
Aww scrappy doo
What a cutie!  Looks just like Toto from the Wizard of Oz.  Better keep him away from crazy old ladies on bicycles!
OMG he looks so cute!
Is that a patterjack?
Cairns are the BESSSTTTT. Congrats!
Cairn Terrier
He looks very pleased with his shenanigans.
That little piggy nose!! That smile! I rarely feel the awws for critters without fur But I love him. He looks like an adorable Voldermort.
Please tell Emmett that I love him and that he’s doing a great job
Mods delete this is sad because the plants suffer ^^^^/s
:3
He looks just like our Sherlock.  What kind is he?
He looks happy with his accomplishments.
he really looks like an emmett.  i miss my michigan lake turtle.
hey emmett
Hi Emmett!
Is that a Blanding
He totally knows what he's doin', look at that cheeky grin.
Sounds like that dude is one toxic waste spill away from destroying Tokyo.
Hi Emmett, you're a cutie!
Doc!!
He isn't sorry about it either. Lmao
Hullo Emmett!
He knows what he did
Omg gimme the babbe!!!
He looks like an Emmett
They're little bastards aren't they?  My daughter's sideneck, Hamilton, loves to dig up or knock down anything that's not secured and attempts to knock down anything that is secured.  Cute bastards though.

Edit:  [Hamilton](https://i.imgur.com/NoQ1qKr.jpg)
Maybe he likes to pretend he's a bulldozer
He looks like an Emmett!
Good Job Emmett! I like your nose!
He looks like an Emmet
Pig nose, snake mouth, fish eyes and a lizard head...
Tell Emmett he is a strong boy and please give him a kiss from me!
I'm starting to believe turtles and tortoises are the cats of reptiles. My tortoise just loves to knock shit over whenever he gets the chance.
[I think there's a resemblance](https://m.imdb.com/name/nm0580351/mediaviewer/rm4088916992)
He looks so much like Mitch McConnell or Mitch McConnell looks so much like HIM?
He reminds me of the turtle Stewie brought home on family guy. I hope that this one isn't stashing a switchblade.
I am not having a good time looking at this turtle.
Hey Planty what do you want to do this morning?
Your dog has mange.
 Aww Ton-chan!
Looks like a bootleg ET.
I got a pair of RES and when i first got them i tried to make the tank all pretty... and my shellbros would rip it up.  I realized they were PLAYING with the habitat stuff.  so if Emmet likes his plants loose to play with I wouldn't bother fighting it.  My shellbros are now huge and have a couple small logs, a airplane fish tank thing, a plastic volcano and rock and they can really get into tossing them around.
Hey look! It's Mitch McConnell.
That smile... that damned smile
Hi Emmett!
Oogway is reborn
Emmett knows exactly what he's doing.
I swear to god I’ll pistol whip the next person who says shenanigans
Same!
Hahaha don't worry, his plants are artificial
He's an African Sideneck
Nope, he's an African Sideneck
Landscaper.  And he gets to re-landscape all the time with movable plants!
enough about your date last night lets talk about this post
> Mitch McConnell looks so much like HIM?

The capslock immediately made me think of [HIM](http://i.imgur.com/E2bIZ.jpg).
I sense the Dragon warrior is among us.
Shenanigans.
> shenanigans
Hey Farva what's the name of that restaurant you like with all the goofy shit on the walls and the mozzarella sticks?
*the plants will remember that*
He has a very mischievous look on his face. Like he is saying "Do you even lift bro?"
That's what I thought.  Our Sherlock was one of those!  We named him Sherlock because he looked a bit like Benedict Cumberbatch. 

What a winning smile!!
I have two of them that I adopted from a student. She said she wanted to get rid of them because they make so much noise, I had no idea what she meant then... Holy shit, nearly every day I have to reattach the heater to the glass, stand the filter back up and replant the plants. They eff their tank up regularly.
No, that was pig nose, pig mouth, pig eyes, and pig head...
SHENANIGANS! Thanks for actually understanding the reference lol I love you
I have one name myrtle too.
they're playing with that stuff.  I got a pair of RES that do the same.  I ended up going with a steel tank for them because they really get into throwing things around their tank.  they dig around in their gravel and shove small logs and tank decor around all the time.
I love you too, random redittor!
OMG - how can you not just rush home?
What is this precious kitty's name?
[Here's my new fosters! ](https://i.imgur.com/oxE4uI6.jpg)
That cuteness has rendered me powerless.
I want to smell that kitten's paws
Tell him to get a job ;)
Nice - looks like the little one is doing ok.
Perfectly relaxed
He looks like he could be brother to the stray we found, Lady Pounce!

Love me some sleepy kittehs.
It's been rough, that's for sure! It'll make the reunion that much sweeter is what I tell myself. Only 3 more hours...
We call him Bam. :) Thank you for asking!
You and me both! I already feel guilty saying "No!"...
Not if I... smell them first?
Its a trap. They will soon smell of cat pee/poo from the litter tray.
LOL! He has one thankfully, though when he goes to work tomorrow, maybe I should use that time to monopolize the kitten... ;)
So it’s been 3 hours
Strike while the defenses are down.
I have... [one more minute](https://imgur.com/a/JP6AFSD)...
Go in for the cuddle
Heart melting cute
And they think they're scary but they're fucking adorable.
All Glory To The Rain Frog
If superheroes existed, I would be Rain Frog Boy, and my super power would only be puffing up and floating
It looks so sad. Maybe its friend floated away from the shore, and on top of that, it now has sand in its frog parts.
Looks like it's not impressed.
Can't handle so much cuteness 😻😻😻😻😻
I'm not sure if you know what a cuddle puddle is.
I think this cat is trying to seduce me, and it's workin...,
Her health and beauty are a testament to your love and care :)
She’s beautiful!
 
Happy birthday old girl <3
She looks so much like my Bella. I hope she lives to that age as well.
Happy BD!
Congrats. My mom had a cat that lived to be 21. Was a great cat.
Majestic
She just looks like she is a sweetheart
She deeply regrets her actions
Ok, what did you do?
Yep (it’s a girl)
(Oh sorry Ill fix it)
It fine. She’s the weirdest cat I’ve ever seen or had. She just has the kind of personality
Oh my god, he even had a manila folder to store them in! This is peak grandpa.
EU citizen secretly distributes internet memes, 2018, colourised.
Hello friends, my grandson showed me these. Have you heard of May-Mays?
"Good evening everyone, I hope you've gone through your Meme Packets for this evening. We're going to sta- ^^Gladys ^^are ^^these ^^your ^^dentures? - start off with "You know I had to do it to em," and the Loss undertones inherent with 4 Panel Cringe comics. Marjorine, why don't you start."
Wasnt this posted weeks ago saying that the guy finds memes and prints them for his friends? I remember exactly this picture without that caption
They could start trading and collecting them now, like stamps.
i was at an arts and crafts show/fair and this old dude had printed out and framed memes. was selling them for 15 bucks a piece. at first i laughed, then i saw people buying them
Old people really melt my cold, dead heart.
Everybody seems so intrigued 👏🏻👏🏻
Which memes were they?
Meme trading cards
Which ones did you show?
Okay, but does anyone recognise the two memes in the pictures though? I don't and I really want to know what this grandpa approved of.
Holy crap it's the queen!
my mom has done this :)
When I was in basic training my friend would print out memes and jokes and send them to me in the mail. Every night after mail call my bct friends would gather around my bunk and we would laugh till our abs hurt worse than they did before lol
I actually did this for my son when he was in boot camp. All the other family members sent him nice letters, I sent jokes and memes. His friends there loved it, too.
Generational wealth that’s the key
Awww, even has the standard Grandpa envelope to keep them tidy!
yes, she is. ❤️ it took me a very long time to understand and truly respect her for it. it can still be frustrating, but it is who she is. flip phone, internet free home and all 😊
I want to adopt your grandpa. I will mail him memes at every holiday.
“Look Mary this ones about the rapper that just died”
I love your grandpa
It's funny because I have friends who don't have phones so I print memes and send them letters in the mail so they have something nice to look at
I remember back in the 90's when memes were printed on t-shirts
This is how we will fight the anti-meme law
This is going back and forth between here and r/funny in a repost loop.
Awesome grandpa
This post is fucking gold!!!
Just because pedantry is fun, that’s a document envelope, not a Manila folder
Can "Peak Grandpa" be our band name?
Before long there will speakeasys so people can drink while they look at paper memes.
Fun fact: spent most of my life thinking they were called “vanilla folders” because they’re white like vanilla ice cream haha

I was probably in high school when it registered I was wrong
Is this what it’s come down to, distributing paper memes? OP, I believe your grandfather has started a revolution!
if you don’t make the post for the karma i will
Lol the idea of there being meme dealers cracks me up
He's now a wanted fugitive
Let’s put them on our wall!
What did you say? Mayonnaise? I don’t see any mayonnaise, but I could use some on this sandwich

One of the friends probably
No it's the same picture. Shit reposter
Yeah I saw that too! I was looking for this comment
Yeah, but i believe it was Grandma who handed them out, not Grandpa.
I pretty much assume any backstory on a pic here is BS.  Karma is king
Then if they collect enough, they can craft badges
Right?! My grandma is subscribed to the cloud album I have for my portfolio/marketing content, and after her and my grandpa go through the album, then call me to ask questions about the photos. One by one. 

They’re 87 and 90 years old and LOVE technology, even if they don’t completely understand it. My grandma is also on Pinterest and What’s App, she has a group chat with a bunch of her childhood friends. It can be a problem when they download viruses and lose their passwords, but I think the internet manages to give those two elderly folks more joy than it does to my bitter-assed self.
I recognise that scowl anywhere ❤️
She is very wholesome!
I'd say it's actually a Manila Envelope...
Thank you, I was confused and looked back to photo for folder and didn't see one
I like the sponge guy. He makes dirty jokes tho
Ooh, I like that one!

Geico?
Mayonaise colored Benz I push miracle whips
yes, she is. ❤️ it took me a very long time to understand and truly respect her for it. it can still be frustrating, but it is who she is. flip phone, internet free home and all 😊
She is legit the dog version of you lol. Perfect match!!!
You know how they say people look like there pets?
Oh my god such a cute pupper
Both are cute but the man is much cuter!  My fave is the pic on the upper right.  No, wait, the one in the upper middle.  Or, the  big pic.  Oh, nevermind, they're all heckin' great!
Ahahahaha
I HOPE THIS IS REAL THIS IS SO SWEET LOL
"Fren, plz do the scritches 4 me...u no I wuld do 4 u!"
I hate glassholes. There is no reason for people to be that fucking stupid. 

Doggo has a designer cone of shame.
My dog cut her foot the other day by morons leaving broken beer bottles in the park
Same thing happened to my dog a few weeks ago. Shes all healed up now but her pad was in HALF.
This is why you only go around water with cans.
Same thing happened to my dog 2 summers ago. Made my bf and I so scared and angry. Pack in, pack out. We usually pick up extra trash when we're out too. People suck. Sorry for you and your pup.
This is why I follow the no glass by the pool rule. Accidents always happen its best to be safe. Sorry about your pup I wish him a fast recovery.
Poor buddy! Hoping for a speedy recovery for that good boy.
Happy healing Sir Fin!
At least this little babe gets to look absolutely fabulous while healing ❤️
Aawww...Fin's a sweetie! Quick recovery.
Poor sweetheart!! Get better soon Fin!♥️😘
The pup looks just like my doggo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, is that an inflatable cone of shame?
"And this kids is exactly why you don't drink"
No!
If you are at the beach, pool or whatever water recreation drink from a can.
When I was young my parents bought a house. The surrounding woods were full of 40oz beer bottles. Like full full, piles and piles. . Must have been an alcoholic that owned it before. Anyway being 10-12 years old it was AWESOME having all that glass to break. Rocks. B.B. guns. Hell just throwing them at trees. Fast forward a couple years an my Newfoundland shows up with a slice on her paw bleeding like a stuck pig. Glass sliced her pad and severed an artery which then pulled up into her leg. She almost bled to death. Now I’m 38 and not two days ago I swept a parking area because someone broke a bottle and I walk my dog through there. Lesson learned. Glad the puppers ok.
Couldn't agree more! Get well soon Fin!
jackasses.
Poor thing. But his paw protection and the cone of shame are totally on point!
Thanks. Yeah, it's cool. But he doesn't appreciate it
I’m glad to hear your pupper is doing well. Poor Finny’s paw was in a very similar state. He’s taking it like a champ but hates me for the cone.
Yeah. It's Kong brand and reuseable
Nah. I don't care if people (not children) drink. That's fine. I do get pissed when people of any age compound the dickbag move of choosing to litter by additionally ruining the surround area through vandalism or destructive behavior. No one should get hurt because you need to smash something to get your rocks off. Do that at your own home.
Nah. A growing number of beer companies are selling beer in re-sealable aluminum cans. I get those when I go water side.
Thank you. I was really scared it was gonna get infected. I couldnt keep a bandage on her to save my life, any time she took off too fast the damned thing fell off. Im glad your puppy is powering through it.
THATS the part that gets me. Have your fun. No one wants to stop you from enjoying yourself. But goddamit think about the consequences of your actions.
The vets put it on pretty well and he’s really big on snuggles so it’s easy for me to keep an eye on him while I’m home. We let him out of the cone while we are home which I think helps.
I think that's why hers healed without the bandage. All the cuddles given stopped her from aggrivating it further.
good buoyant
Lol dat floaty butt 😭
The problem here, is that he can't swim on account of his floaty butt. His pantaloons appear to be too damn fluffy and have trapped pockets of air. All the tushy wiggling in the world won't deflate that fluffy, floaty butt.

That's my diagnosis of the situation.
Hydrosploot
I guess there are downsides to having a bubble butt after all
Must be holding in some toots.
[Corgi's Butt Floats in Water](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59t8fGn_bCU)
Floaty bouy
If I floats I boats
Cheddar!
That is just precious, he's letting his ass do all the work
This is a good pool boy.
He's using his front legs to temporarily create illusion of complete buoyancy.

The method is technically similar to the levitation trick that David Blaine made famous: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balducci\_levitation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balducci_levitation)
Corgi stealth ops
the ass was fat
aqua sploot
This is an aqua-zumba class that I would be up for.
In case of an emergency water landing, grab a corgi.
I was today, years old to learn dogs can actually float rather than tread water like an unrelenting sharkdog
This is why I Reddit.
The booty is buoyant.
He must have a fart lodged in there. Activate sphincter flotation crevice.
["why do corgis float?"](https://rudescience.tumblr.com/post/136728282798/animal-factbook-corgis-butt-float-on-water)
Wonder if Kim Kardashian floats like this.
Polite boyye holdin' in that fart.
floaty buoy
Brings new meaning to term bubble butt.
Lol my dog just learned to swim and she can't float
It’s so cute that he knows how to float. 
Wobble butt wobble butt.
Floaty Splooty Booty
T👏H👏I👏C👏C👏 Thighs save lives
Aww his chubby lil rump makes his back end extra buoyant.
He must have a lot of flatulence for the butt to be so floaty XD
Of course Corgi butts are buoyant. How could they not be.
"Ladies and gentlemen welcome to the SS Sovereign of the Seas I hope you enjoy your cruise with us. In the event of an emergency where the call to abandon ship is given please remember to grab your life-Corgi it can and will save your life."
T H I C C B O I
If I floats I boats
/r/sploot 

This is totes a water sploot
I'm rather curious after reading through some threads. Do corgis store a lot of fat in their ass? I mean I never personally shaved one to see the physique or is he just bloated?
Eli5?
Some serious butt-buoyancy going in here!
I bet that corgi farts like nobody's business!
W i g g l e B o y e
Amg, that little booty!
I theorize that that dog's got a fart in it's bum keeping it bouyant.
Aw too cute
I won't go down cause my butt can float!
I like to think hes got one big fart in the camber that is keeping him afloat.
Beautifully buoyant booty.
Mr fluffy butt
Da booty
Bubble butt!
dat ass.
Guys. I'M A BOAT!
Buoy Boy.
Where did you get the floaty from?
He has floaty butt.
Dog paddle is broken!
His head and his butt float
When every end is the deep end ...
I was hoping for a massive fart.. 😞
Quarf! Quarf!
hes reached equilibrium and is now ready to ascend
Bubble butt.
He must have lots of Gas
Oh my heart
Good buoy
he’s holding in a fart
He got gas
Float Loaf!
reminds me of mario sunshine for some reason
Cutest little floaty floof butt
just chillin (｡◕‿‿◕｡)
She knows.
He looks so confused when his butt started to float lol
He just stopped paddling & was like “???”
It's kinda relaxing to look at this cute boy😂
Looks like someones got a couple of stuck farts.
Butt so buoyant!
man i really want to go swimming now
OMG, look at that butt
In case of emergency, buttbutt can be used as a flotation device.
Huh... so their butts just do that. TIL.
I was waiting for him to let one go and that booty to sink like an anchor
Good buoy!
Now that is a buoyant butt!!
No need to dog paddle if you float!
That’s one hell of a fart brewing there lol
OMG his chubby little butt is floating!!!
water sploots
Water sploots!
look at that butt float!!
Aqua sploot 👍🏾
r/corgibutts
Instead of a life jacket this weekend I will just strap a corgi to my chest
I would seriously put a small outboard engine on that thing
lil fluffbutt keeps tipping over because he's so buoyant i'm 😭😭😭
First cat-amarans and now this xD
That's one buoyant booty
Floaty booty
butt too fluff
Bottoms up.
Booty boy
B U O Y A N T  B O Y E
His rump is so buoyant!
What good boyuancy
Someone explain?
Baba buoy
This pup needs a Life jacket, pretty sure he'll drown if he gets tired. His front doesn't look very boyant, and his rear being so he'd get pushed under water.
Corgi butt!!
*boi
*boi
Why does every corgi I see show off that donk, they're the instathots of the dog world
His little butt waggle is so cute
This is what it is like floating in the Dead Sea. But saltier...
Lazy Boye
in case of emergency use use butt as flotation device
Of course corgis float!
That's a buoyant boi
He looks so happy to play in the water.
When you butt is your own floatation device.
This dog gets me.
Corgi butts float, the top of the butt stays up, my girl's wouldn't get wet last time we went to the beach. Corgi Buoy
He looks gassy
What happens when you hold all your farts in.
2 cute
Buoyancy butt
ayy
It's scientifically proven by scientists in a science lab that Corgi butts are the most buoyant things in existence
butt full of gas
Omg dat ass
It's proof that corgis have bubble butts!!!❤️❤️
Clearly needs to fart.
This is pornographic.  C'mon people, am I the only one here that thinks this is obscene?
Hey there floaty boy! Floating in the pool so fancy free!
floof woof woof
The cutest little butt ❤️
u/deertrax
Either this is not actually a boy, or this is some veiled gender statement.
Soggy bread :(
I think doggo needs to fart.
One of the cutest things I’ve seen in foreva!!
There's something that makes me melt when I see a wee Corgi!!! Aaahhhhhhh
More like floaty booty. So cute ♥️
It's a floaty sploot
Dat fine ass.
Like a puffy toasted marshmallow floating in  a drink.
sploof!
Just relaxing
The real bubble butt!
Salt water?
I wanna see a dog chillin while floating on his back. Seems like they could do that easily, but this video made me realize I've never seen it happen...
Can we create floaties that look like corgi butts?
Got some gas there
u/strandcsgo
He float
He splash
But most importantly 
He relac
buoyant booty
What a good buoy
Dis boy is pontoon.
should be in r/rarepuppers
here is reddit gold, if i could pay for it
Buoy would have been better.
That is not an ant. A very good buoy though.
Gooder pupper too thicc to sink
!redditsilver
Why is there a loaf of bread in the pool? 

So cute 😭
/r/corgibutts/
t h i c c b o i
He needs some ankle weights
THANKS doc
Nah, he just aint letting go of that monster fart until the family has settled down in front of the telly.
I'd like a second opinion.
It seems like a confidence issue. He thinks he cant float so his front legs are on the bottom holding up his front body... and probably thinks that the front legs are supporting the floating butt.
Happy cake day!!
Heh, I was gonna go with SwimmingSploot ... but yours has a nice ring to it too

/r/sploot 

P.S. Happy cake day!
🎵 Splish splash i was doin a sploot; haaaving a heckin good day 🎵
This is a downside?
It's butt is literally an upside. It's facing upward
I can attest to that - can't float face down because butt causes my head to tip down into the water.  Ah well.
Corgis usually are.  They know they're little so they can get away with crop dusting when you enter the room.
If I bloats I floats
Bring me that cumberbun
Was looking for this comment
Either I had a stroke while reading this, or you had one while writing it
Things you can say to a dog, but (probably) not to your significant other.
I’m gonna keep that one
His front legs are still touching
I'd like to know what the hell is going on inside that corgi aswell.
Corgi hair is so dense and floofy, I'm guessing, not explaining, that since there's such a high density of fur in the hind areas, air gets trapped in the fur and the higher fat content of his butt helps it float.
As opposed to?
/r/corgibutts
Air Butt®
Butt so fluff / Fluff butt float / Butt so fluff / It float / Like boat.
Baba buoy
You just repeated the joke of the comment you replied to.
wet, soggy bread

imma gag
😭😭😭
are awesome
*"Master forgive me, but I'll have to go all out ... just this once"*
His front feets are holding him up!
trouble diving.
Looks like an upside to me
He is floating via unreleased dog farts. This is basically red alert.
Worth it though?
I didn't know Jellyfish even *had* butts
100% my corgi holds in a couple logs for later. No doubt she holds in a fart or two for the right time. Here she is enjoying a nice stick on the beach as we speak - http://imgur.com/bIp6mOs
I switched my dog's food and his farts were enough to strip paint off the walls. So glad I only bought a small bag to hold us over a few days lol.
Mild stroke. What can i say? It's a curse.
I call my dog stub legs
His front legs are still touching!
WAIT WHAT THERE'S A CORGI BUTTS' DEDICATED ONLY SUBREDDIT?

WHAT A GOOD TIME TO BE ALIVE, MY FRIEND
Mp lo l
L lo light pl
!redditsilver
To be buoyant and to be a buoy are not necessarily the same thing. All buoys are buoyant but not all buoyant things are buoys.
Gavin?
moist bread
Tell that to Mr. Drowneyboi
Hawaii?
Are you having a stroke
I would recommend not, as /u/Sheeaa is a karma bot account, controlled by a program not a person, and [stole that comment](http://imgurz.com/Post/3ZST0dz).
That may be true but it would be tough to convince me that the two are unique jokes. They both make the same pun and one is expungeable.
GAVIIIIIN!

I don't know why, but every time I see his name, Michael yelling it comes to mind.
Actually Jekyll Island , GA. Up the beach is a little area called Driftwood Beach. Stunning beach
Legit don't know how I commented on this my phone is in my pocket wow, lol
!redditsilver
hmmm
r/oopsdidntmeanto
Aww
Awwwww so cute
It’s a little floof! 😍😍😍
Mr. McGregor, is that you?
why in the world would you mix Akita and Shiba Inu

possibly created the most stubborn dog in the world

highly pain tolerant, difficult to train and with intelligence of a small child
Firstly, this is just an Akita puppy, not a mix. 

Secondly, Shibas and Akitas are both super smart and, while they may be stubborn, their stubbornness doesn’t necessarily increase exponentially when they’re bred together.
is Inu like dog or some other indicator? 

and the second part was partly tongue in cheek but having owned just an Akita that wasn't wrong either
“Inu” just means dog in Japanese.
Which is funny since they are probably the least dog-like dogs that exist. I'm pretty sure mine was secretly raised by cats.
I want a pet crow. They're so smart.
My Grandmother had a pet crow named JoJo that my uncle found on the ground as a naked baby.

He was a bad ass. He imitated her coughing, could say "Come on George" ( their dogs name) Told people my grandmother didn't like to either "Get out " or to "Fuck off".

In the mornings he would knock on the door to his tree room to be let into the rest of the house. My grandmother would ask what he wanted and he would say "out, out, out". He liked to bath in the sink with the dishes, flew around and stole sausages directly from the pan while they were being cooked and teased the other animals in the house.

One of my favourite stories about him was the time he started hopping around the coffee table and first one dog then the other stared to follow him around it. Then the cats started following them.  There was a line up of five animals following him around the coffee table. Then he hopped up on the table and watched as the rest of the animals went around and around the table for another two minuets.

My mother said she was laughing so hard she had tears in her eyes.

My grandmother had that Crow for 25 or 26 years. Then when she had to go to the hospital someone came along and either stole him or let him out into the great outdoors. 

If it was to release him into the wild, the bastard that did it didn't do JoJo any favours. There were tons of Ravens in the area and we had seen them harass and peck wild crows to death.

I miss him, except for shitting all over the place as birds will do, he was the best ever.
WELCOME TO THE MIGHTY 9!
I knew of a baby crow. He grew on up and the owner had to let him go. His name was Jake.  He really lightened up the library
*tiny caw*
Can you potty train it?  I’ve always imagined having a free pet crow and it just flying and pooping everywhere.
KIRI!!!
Do not have a pet raven inless you are experimented with some advanced birds. THEY ARE BASICALLY A SOCIOPATH ROOMMATE. DO YOU REALLY THOUGHT THIS PINEAPPLE IS GOING TO BE HIS FRIEND? NO HE WILL MUNCH HIM.
Little?  This bird is obviously a giant!
absolute unit
Adorable
What race are you playing?
Since you didn't mention a name I'm just gonna go ahead and call him Crow Diddley.
Hey little guy
Aww he's so fuzzy
I am squeaking now, good job
Is he a baby??
Oh wow how adorable 😍
me too but its illegal in America.......
Although this [video](https://youtu.be/izpdLM4VOfY) talks about ravens as pets, I think crows fall into a very similar category.
I'm not sure corvids are happy as pets. The only exceptions I know of are the London Tower ravens and their Ravenmaster (his Tweeter account is awesome) and that lady in southern France and her pet rook who was raised by humans and can't be released in the wild because of a health issue
Did you see this video on Reddit last week?

https://youtu.be/8xYMnb5Dyko

Edit: oops someone beat me to it
Ther not that smrt
"This means we are friends?"
“She is a good egg.”
Wat?
Huh?
Yes
Are you a bot?
You can get a pied crow, because they’re not indigenous. But yeah, common Raven, Crow, magpies are a no-go. There’s a place I came across online that cross breeds pied crows with something else to make them more raven-like, but I don’t remember the url. This looks like a raven or a jackdaw, based mostly on how far down the beak the feathers are.
Wow, TIL
How about magpies? Are they legal pets, or does their relation to crows make them a no-go also?
This is why I’m studying zoo keeping (and maybe eventually ornithology) in college. If it’s a rescue bird or a one used for educational purposes to the public, then I can (almost) have it as a pet. A public pet that stays in a proper enclosure that I do not own, but still.
Genetically, there's virtually no difference. I tend to think of crows as larger but i think what people call them tends to be dependent on where you live.
No but it's quite enlightening
“I kill people.”
Shawshank
Did you find him on the ground? Last time I saw one. I was attacked for hours trying to help the little guy survive a cat ambush.
the rule is actually any bird that occurs naturally in your area cannot be kept as a pet. you basically need to get something of an exotic bird, or you just illegally own it, clip its wings, and hope no one notices #Florida
Oh shit! Got it
My neighbor was fostering it for a while not sure where this guy ended up, but holy hell is this guy adorable
If the bird can freely come and go from your place of residence, can it be said he/she's your pet? I figure this can be a loophole if you can form a strong enough bond with said bird.
Hmm...don't see magpies here in Arkansas.  East Texas however -- there they are abundant and regarded as a nuisance. I ate BBQ when I was driving thru that area years ago and was warned not to take my food outside to the porch. Evidently magpies would have swarmed me to steal my food. And supposedly if you irritate them, i.e. by guarding your BBQ, they'll drop an airborne deposit on you.
Brooks was here
The actual rule is if the bird is migratory so no.
smarties
TIL animals can be gay.
I’m assume this is in he wild, I thought you didn’t see male adult lions together? I always thought it was one adult male a pride?
I'm lazy, so I'm just going to copy wikipedia here:

"No species has been found in which *homosexual* behaviour has not been shown to exist, with the exception of species that never have sex at all, such as sea urchins and aphis. Moreover, a part of the *animal* kingdom is hermaphroditic, truly bisexual. For them, *homosexuality* is not an issue.
Don't start crying
That's a wrong stereotype, sometimes male lions(mostly brothers) take over prides together
Calm down. It's just a picture showing two male lions cuddling with each other.
This is the most wholesome thing to come of memes  since we got Walmart Yodel Kid to Coachella.
This is what memes are for
We did it Reddit!
He's so happy!
Wait, people didn't thank bus drivers when they got off anyway?
As someone who has always thanked bus drivers, I'm glad everyone else is starting to join in.
Not at all lol. All of the students on my bus don't even respond to Good Morning or Have a Good Day
I’m a libtard. Look at me flying in the air, all cool and dry.
Rude comments like this don't belong in r/wholesomememes. Please take this sort of behavior elsewhere.
Good boy. He deserves lots of cuddles for such an outstanding accomplishment.
Upvotes for borders
Lol. The toy and the dog share the same expression.
more like an assault kiss, his nose doesn't boop the green thing, he pushes it with his mouth. what a happy doggo
How us Brits smile at each other
